{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red6\green124\blue174;\red61\green61\blue61;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww19780\viewh18700\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260\ql\qnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodnetwork.com/magazine"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\fs26 \cf2 \
}}\pard\pardeftab720\ri1000\sl500\sa80\ql\qnatural

\f1\b\fs48 \cf3 Mix-and-Match Chocolate Bark\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\f0\b0\fs32 \cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa280\ql\qnatural

\b\fs46 \cf3 Step 1: Prepare the pan
\b0 \uc0\u8232 Line a baking sheet with foil, shiny-side up; smooth out the creases.\

\b Step 2: Pick Your Ingredients
\b0 \

\b Chocolate: 1 pound
\b0  \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\ql\qnatural
\cf3 Bittersweet chocolate\
Semisweet chocolate\
White chocolate\
Half bittersweet and half white chocolate (for swirled bark)\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa280\ql\qnatural

\b \cf3 Spices (optional)
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\ql\qnatural
\cf3 Red pepper flakes\
Flaky sea salt\
Crushed cardamom seeds\
Toasted fennel seeds\
Crushed pink peppercorns\
Hazelnuts\
Peppermints\
Toffee\
Nut brittle\
Toasted coconut flakes\
Peanut butter chips\
Banana chips\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa280\ql\qnatural

\b \cf3 Crunchy Toppings: 1/2 cup, chopped 
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\ql\qnatural
\cf3 Almonds\
Walnuts\
Macadamia nuts\
Pecans\
Peanuts\
Pistachios\
Cashews\
Pine nuts\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa280\ql\qnatural

\b \cf3 Chewy Toppings: 1/2 cup, chopped
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\ql\qnatural
\cf3 Dried figs\
Dried apricots\
Dried cherries\
Dried cranberries\
Dried mangoes\
Raisins\
Mini marshmallows\
Candied orange peel\
Crystallized ginger\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa280\ql\qnatural

\b \cf3 Melt the chocolate
\b0 \uc0\u8232 A. Make sure all your tools are dry. Chop the chocolate into 1/2-inch pieces with a large knife. Place all but 1 cup of the chopped chocolate in a microwave-safe bowl. (For swirled bark, put all but 1/2 cup of each chocolate in 2 separate bowls.)\
B. Microwave 30 seconds, then stir with a rubber spatula. Continue microwaving and stirring at 30-second intervals until melted, 3 to 5 minutes total. (For swirled bark, microwave each chocolate separately at 15-second intervals.)\
C. Immediately add the reserved chopped chocolate to the bowl(s); stir vigorously until melted and shiny. Don\'92t worry if there are a few small unmelted pieces.\

\b Spread it out
\b0 \uc0\u8232 Pour the chocolate onto the prepared baking sheet; use the rubber spatula to spread it into a 10-to-12-inch circle, about 1/4 inch thick.\
(For swirled bark, pour the 2 chocolates side by side on the baking sheet; use the spatula to swirl them together.)\

\b Add your toppings
\b0 \uc0\u8232 Press your crunchy and chewy toppings into the chocolate, arranging them so each bite has a mix of flavors\u8232 and textures. Sprinkle with spices, if desired. Let the bark harden completely at room temperature, about 1 hour.\u8232 (If the room is warm, you may need to freeze the bark for a few minutes.) Break into pieces and store in an airtight container at room temperature for 1 to 2 weeks.}