{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;\red61\green61\blue61;\red6\green124\blue174;
}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww20360\viewh15920\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs56 \cf0 Baked Chocolate Custard\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs36 \cf2 Serves: 
\b0 \cf0 6 servings\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf3 Ingredients\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\sa80\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs42 \cf3 Custard:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl460\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0 \cf3 {\listtext	\'95	}1 cup (6-ounces) semisweet {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/chocolate/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 chocolate}} chips\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup heavy cream\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup milk\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 egg yolks\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 tablespoons sugar\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl460\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf4 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/pinch/index.html"}}{\fldrslt Pinch}}\cf3  salt\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf3 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl460\sa180\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf3 Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F.\
Put the chocolate {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/chips/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 chips}} in a medium heatproof bowl. Bring the cream and milk to a light boil in a medium {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/saucepan/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 saucepan}} over low heat. Pour the hot cream mixture over the chocolate and whisk until smooth.\
In a large bowl, whisk together the egg yolks, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sugar/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 sugar}}, and salt. Whisking constantly, temper the chocolate mixture into the egg mixture. Stain the custard through a fine mesh {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sieve/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 sieve}} and divide it among the ramekins.\
Put the ramekins in a large roasting pan. Carefully pour enough hot water into the pan to come halfway up the sides of the ramekins. Cover the pan tightly with foil; poke a few small holes in the foil for steam to escape. Bake on the center rack of the oven until the edges of the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/custard/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 custard}} are slightly set but the center still jiggles (the center will set as the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/pudding/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 pudding}} cools), about 30 to 35 minutes. Remove the ramekins from the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/water-bath/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 water bath}} and allow them to cool completely. Cover them with {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/plastic-wrap/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 plastic wrap}} and refrigerate for at least 3 hours before serving.\
}