{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15460\viewh16200\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs54 \cf0 BANANAS FOSTER
\b0\fs44 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 This is the actual Bananas Foster recipe from the original source and creator of this dessert: Brennan's Restaurant. In 1951, Chef Paul created Bananas Foster. The scrumptious dessert was named for Richard Foster, who served with Owen on the New Orleans Crime Commission. Richard Foster was a frequent customer of Brennan's and a very good friend of Owen.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs54 \cf0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0\fs50 \cf0 		\'bc cup (\'bd stick) butter\
		1 cup brown sugar\
		\'bd teaspoon cinnamon\
		\'bc cup banana liqueur\
		4 bananas, cut in half\'a0
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 lengthwise,\'a0then halved\
		\'bc cup dark rum\
		4 scoops vanilla ice cream
\f1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 
\f0 Combine the butter, sugar, and cinnamon in a flamb\'e9 pan or skillet. Place the pan over low heat either on an alcohol burner or on top of the stove, and cook, stirring, until the sugar dissolves. Stir in the banana liqueur, then place the bananas in the pan. When the banana sections soften \
		and begin to brown, carefully add the rum. Continue to cook the sauce until the rum is hot, then tip the pan slightly to ignite the rum. When the flames subside, lift the bananas out of the pan and place four pieces over each portion of ice cream. Generously spoon warm sauce over the top of the ice cream and serve immediately. 
\f1 \uc0\u8232 }