{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13860\viewh16980\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 Bread Pudding \

\f1\i\b0\fs32 from "The Silver Palate" by Julee Rosso and Sheila Lukins
\f0\i0\b\fs48 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs32 \cf0 Yields:
\b0  8 to 10 portions\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\fs46 \cf0 1 loaf stale French bread
\f2 \uc0\u8232 
\f1 1 quart milk
\f2 \uc0\u8232 
\f1 10 tablespoons (1 1/4 sticks) sweet butter, softened to room temperature
\f2 \uc0\u8232 
\f1 4 eggs 
\f2 \uc0\u8232 
\f1 1 1/2 cups granulated sugar
\f2 \uc0\u8232 
\f1 2 tablespoons vanilla
\f2 \uc0\u8232 
\f1 1 cup raisins 
\f2 \uc0\u8232 
\f1 1 cup confectioners' sugar
\f2 \uc0\u8232 
\f1 4 tablespoons whiskey\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 Crumble 
\b0 the bread into a bowl. Pour the milk over it and let stand for one hour.\

\b Preheat
\b0  the oven to 325 degrees. Grease a 9-by-13-by-2-inch baking dish with 1 to 2 tablespoons of the butter\

\b In
\b0  another bowl, beat together 3 eggs, the granulated sugar and the vanilla. Stir this mixture into the bread mixture. Stir in the raisins.\

\b Pour
\b0  into the prepared baking dish, place on the middle rack of the oven, and bake until browned and set, about 1 hour 10 minutes. Cool to room temperature.\

\b To
\b0  make sauce, stir 8 tablespoons butter and confectioners' sugar together in the top of a double boiler over simmering water until sugar is dissolved and mixture is very hot. Remove from the heat. Beat the remaining egg well and whisk it into the sugar mixture. Remove pan from base and continue beating until sauce has cooled to room temperature. Add whiskey to taste.\

\b To
\b0  serve, preheat broiler. Cut pudding into squares and transfer each square to a heatproof serving dish. Spoon whiskey sauce over pudding and run under broiler until bubbling.\
\
}