{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red84\green84\blue84;\red51\green51\blue51;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid4}
{\list\listtemplateid5\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid5}
{\list\listtemplateid6\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid6}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}{\listoverride\listid5\listoverridecount0\ls5}{\listoverride\listid6\listoverridecount0\ls6}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl520\sa80\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs66 \cf0 Carmelitas\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\fs40 \cf2 Yield:  \cf0 36 bars\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\ql\qnatural

\fs52 \cf0 INGREDIENTS\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0\fs48 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}2 cups flour\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 3/4 cups quick-cooking oats\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/4 cups brown sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon baking soda\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 teaspoon salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/4 cups (2 1/2 sticks) unsalted butter, softened\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 cup chocolate chips\
{\listtext	\'95	}3/4 cup chopped pecans\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 cups Salted Caramel Sauce, recipe follows\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 1/2 tablespoons flour\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls3\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}Salted Caramel Sauce:\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup water\
{\listtext	\'95	}3/4 cup heavy cream\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls4\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}3 1/2 tablespoons unsalted butter\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon gray sea salt, crushed or kosher salt\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls5\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}Salted Caramel Milkshake:\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 pint vanilla bean ice cream\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup whole milk\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls6\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup salted caramel sauce\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\ql\qnatural

\b\fs52 \cf0 DIRECTIONS\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa160\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs48 \cf3 Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Grease a 9 by 13-inch pan. \uc0\u8232 \u8232 Combine the flour, oats, brown sugar, baking soda, salt, and softened butter in the bowl of a mixer. Mix on low until crumbly. Divide the mixture into 2 equal portions. \u8232 \u8232 Press half the crumb mixture in the prepared pan. Bake for 10 minutes. Remove and cool slightly. \u8232 \u8232 Sprinkle the chocolate chips, and chopped pecans over the cooled crust. Mix the salted caramel sauce, and flour together, and drizzle over the chocolate chips, and nuts. Top with the remaining crumb mixture. \u8232 \u8232 Return to the oven and bake for an additional 15 to 20 minutes or until the crust starts to brown. Allow the pan to cool, and refrigerate it until the caramel filling is set.\
Cut into bars and serve.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\ql\qnatural

\b\fs52 \cf0 DIRECTIONS\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa160\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs48 \cf3 Salted Caramel Sauce: \uc0\u8232 In a heavy-bottomed saucepan, combine the sugar and water over medium-low heat until the sugar dissolves. Increase the heat and bring to a boil, without stirring. If necessary, use a wet pastry brush to wash down any crystals on the side of the pan. Boil until the syrup is a deep amber color, about 5 to 6 minutes. \u8232 \u8232 Remove the sugar from the heat and carefully whisk in the heavy cream. The mixture will bubble. Stir in the unsalted butter, and salt. Transfer the caramel to a dish and cool. \u8232 \u8232 *Cook's Note: This recipe will last in the refrigerator up to 2 weeks. Reheat before serving. \u8232 \u8232 Salted Caramel Variations: \u8232 Salted Caramel Dip with Harvest Apples: Package the sauce with seasonal apples for making caramel apples or simply dip the apple slices into the caramel sauce. \u8232 \u8232 Carmelitas: \u8232 Attach a recipe for a classic carmelitas recipe to the jarred caramel sauce suggesting using the sauce in the recipe. \u8232 \u8232 Salted Caramel Milkshake: Add the salted caramel sauce to basic vanilla milkshake recipe, recipe follows.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\ql\qnatural

\b\fs52 \cf0 DIRECTIONS\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa160\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs48 \cf3 Salted Caramel Milkshake: \uc0\u8232 Combine the ice cream, milk, and caramel sauce in a blender and blend until smooth.\
}