{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red61\green61\blue61;\red6\green124\blue174;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri1000\sl500\sa80\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf2 Caramel Sauce\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs24 \cf2 Yield: 
\b0 5 servings
\fs32 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs46 \cf2 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl420\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs36 \cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 cups {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sugar/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 sugar}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/3 cup water\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/4 cups heavy cream\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon pure {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/extracts/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 vanilla extract}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs46 \cf2 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa180\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs36 \cf2 Mix the water and sugar in a medium heavy-bottomed {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/saucepan/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 saucepan}}. Cook over low heat for 5 to 10 minutes, until the sugar dissolves. Do not stir. Increase the heat to medium and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/boil/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 boil}} uncovered until the sugar turns a warm {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/chestnut/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 chestnut}} brown (about 350 degrees F on a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/candy/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 candy}} thermometer), about 5 to 7 minutes, gently swirling the pan to stir the mixture. Be careful \'96 the mixture is extremely hot! Watch the mixture very carefully at the end, as it will go from {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/caramel/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 caramel}} to burnt very quickly. Turn off the heat. Stand back to avoid splattering and slowly add the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cream/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 cream}} and vanilla. Don't worry - the cream will bubble violently and the caramel will solidify.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa180\ql\qnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/simmer/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 Simmer}} over low heat, stirring constantly, until the caramel dissolves and the sauce is smooth, about 2 minutes. Allow to cool to room temperature, at least 4 hours. It will thicken as it sits.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\fs32 \cf2 \
\
}