{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16960\viewh20460\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs50 \cf0 Caramel Budino with Salted Caramel Sauce\

\fs30 Makes 8\

\fs50 \

\fs32 COOKIE CRUST\
1     c. finely ground chocolate cookie wafers (Nabisco Famous Chocolate Wafers; about 20 cookies)\
2     T. unsalted butter, melted\
1/4  t. kosher salt\
\
BUDINO\
3     c.   whole milk, divided\
1/4  c.   cornstarch\
1/4  c.   packed dark brown sugar\
5           large egg yolks\
3     T.  unsalted butter\
2     t.    dark rum\
1     t.    kosher salt\
\
SALTED CARAMEL SAUCE\
3/4   c.   plus 2 T. heavy cream\
1/2         vanilla bean, split lengthwise\
1/2   c.   sugar\
2      T.   light corn syrup\
4 t.         chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2" cubes\
1/4    t.   kosher salt\
               Lightly sweetened whipped cream\
\
COOKIE CRUST  Mix cookie crumbs, butter, and salt in a medium bowl.  Place 2 T. in a small bowl; cover and chill for garnish.  Press 2 T. cookie mixture onto the bottom each of 8 oz. mason jars or ramekins.\
\
BUDINO  Whisk 1/2 cup milk and cornstarch in a small bowl; set aside.  Heat remaining 2 1/2 cups milk in a small saucepan just to a simmer; set aside.  To make the caramel, stir sugar and 3/4 cup water in a heavy saucepan over medium heat until sugar dissolves.  In crease heat; cook without stirring until an instant-read thermometer registers 210 - 220 degrees. \
Line a sieve with a double layer of cheesecloth and set over a large pitcher.  Whisk egg yolks in a large bowl.  Gradually whisk in hot milk, then cornstarch mixture.  Slowly whisk in caramel.  Return mixture to saucepan.  Whisk constantly over medium heat until mixture thickens and thermometer registers 175 degrees, about 3 minutes.  Remove from heat; whisk in butter, rum, and salt.  Pour through prepared sieve.\
Pour 1/2 cup bodino over crust in each jar.  Cover; chill until set, 4 - 5 hours.  \
DO AHEAD:  Can be made 1 day ahead.  Keep chilled.\
\
SALTED CARAMEL SAUCE  Place cream in a small pitcher.  Scrape in seeds from vanilla bean.  Set aside.\
Stir sugar, corn syrup, and 2 T. water in a heavy saucepan over medium-high heat until sugar dissolves.  Increase heat to medium-high; boil, occasionally swirling pan and brushing down sides with a wet pastry brush, until deep amber color forms, 5-6 minutes.  Remove from heat; gradually add vanilla cream (mixture will bubble vigorously).  Whisk over medium heat until smooth and thick, about 2 minutes.  Remove from heat; whisk in butter and salt.  Strain into a heatproof bowl.  Let cool slightly.  Spoon 2 T. caramel sauce over each budino.  Top with whipped cream.  Sprinkle some of reserved cookie crumbs over each.\
\
 }