{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red84\green84\blue84;\red51\green51\blue51;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid4}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl520\sa80\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs66 \cf0 Chocolate Orange Liqueur Souffle with Chocolate Sauce\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\fs40 \cf2 Yield:  \cf0 8 to 10 servings\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\ql\qnatural

\fs52 \cf0 INGREDIENTS\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0\fs48 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}6 tablespoons (3/4 stick) butter, divided\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}5 tablespoons all-purpose flour\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup milk\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 to 1 1/2 tablespoons orange liqueur (recommended: Grand Marnier)\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 (1-ounce) squares semisweet chocolate, melted\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 (1-ounce) squares bittersweet chocolate, melted\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1/4 teaspoon salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}5 egg yolks, lightly beaten\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon vanilla extract\
{\listtext	\'95	}7 egg whites\
{\listtext	\'95	}Chocolate Sauce, recipe follows\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls3\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}Chocolate Sauce:\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup (1/2 stick) butter\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 (1-ounce) square bittersweet chocolate\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup unsweetened cocoa powder\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup sugar\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls4\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup whipping cream\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/8 teaspoon salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon vanilla extract\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 to 1 1/2 tablespoons orange liqueur (recommended: Grand Marnier)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\ql\qnatural

\b\fs52 \cf0 DIRECTIONS\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa160\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs48 \cf3 Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. \uc0\u8232 Coat the bottom and sides of a 2 1/2 quart souffle dish with 2 tablespoons butter, sprinkle bottom and sides evenly with 1/2 cup sugar. Tap out excess sugar; reserve sugar for later use. \u8232 In a medium saucepan, melt the remaining 4 tablespoons butter. Stir in flour and cook, stirring occasionally, until mixture begins to bubble. Add milk, orange liqueur, melted chocolates, and salt. Cook over medium-low heat until mixture thickens, stirring occasionally. Remove from heat and allow mixture to cool for 10 minutes. Whisk in beaten egg yolks and vanilla. \u8232 In a large bowl, beat egg whites until foamy. Gradually add reserved sugar, beating until stiff. Fold whites into chocolate mixture. Gently spoon mixture into prepared souffle dish. Place souffle dish in a baking pan. Fill pan with 1-inch warm water. Bake for 55 minutes. Serve immediately with Chocolate Sauce.\
Melt butter and chocolate in the microwave or in a double boiler. Add cocoa, sugar, cream, and salt. Bring to a boil. Remove from heat and add vanilla and orange liqueur.\
}