{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13540\viewh14560\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Chocolate-Dipped Key Lime Pie Pops
\f1\b0\fs32 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\b \cf2 Serves: 
\b0 \cf0 10 pops\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs36 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 frozen 9-inch Key lime pie\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 pounds semisweet or bittersweet chocolate, finely chopped\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 Carefully remove the pie from the aluminum tin and place it on a parchment paper-lined baking sheet. Lay another piece of parchment paper over the pie; place your hand on top of the pie to stabilize it. Insert 10 wooden pop sticks into the side of the pie at equal intervals, sticking them through the crust and about 2 inches into the filling. (If the crust starts to crack, pierce it first with a knife before inserting the sticks.)\
\
Cut the pie into 10 wedges, with a stick in the middle of each wedge. Return to the freezer until rock hard, about 1 hour.\
\
Melt the chocolate: Bring a deep saucepan of water to a boil over medium heat. Set a heatproof bowl on top (do not let the bowl touch the water). Once the water boils, turn off the heat and add two-thirds of the chocolate to the bowl. Stir constantly with a rubber spatula until the chocolate is melted. Transfer the melted chocolate to a quart-size container, such as a clean large yogurt or takeout container. Add the remaining chopped chocolate and puree with an immersion blender until smooth and shiny, 5 to 7 minutes. (You can also stir vigorously with a whisk.)\
\
Line a baking sheet with heavy-duty foil (shiny side up) or plastic wrap. Working quickly, hold a wedge of pie by the stick and dip it in the chocolate. Let the excess drip off, then lay the pie pop on the prepared baking sheet. Repeat with the remaining wedges. Freeze the pops at least 15 minutes, or until ready to serve.\
\
}