{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13880\viewh14180\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs70 \cf0 Craggy Chocolate Cake\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs46 \cf0 Yield:  8 servings\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\ql\qnatural

\b\fs58 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0\fs54 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}7 ounces 70 percent chocolate, chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}7 ounces butter, softened\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 eggs, separated\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 cup sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}Serving suggestion: Sweetened or flavored whipped cream.
\fs46 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\ql\qnatural

\b\fs58 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs54 \cf0 Heat the oven to 375 degrees F. Line with parchment, grease, and flour an 8-inch/22 cm springform pan. 
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 Melt the chocolate gently over a water bath, and then beat in the butter a piece at a time until smooth. In a separate bowl, beat the yolks with 1/2-cup sugar until thick, pale, and ribbony. In yet another bowl, beat the whites to soft peaks. Scatter over the remaining 1/2-cup sugar and beat to a stiff meringue. 
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 Slowly whisk the chocolate mixture into the yolk mixture. Stir in a spoonful of beaten egg whites, then pour the chocolate mixture over the egg whites and gently fold together with a spatula. Pour the batter into the prepared pan and bake 50 minutes. 
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 Remove from the oven. Run a knife around the outside edge, then let sit until cool. It will sink down and the top will crack, appealingly. Serve with a drift of slightly sweetened whipped cream, flavored with vanilla, rum, or orange flower water.\
}