{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14820\viewh15280\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Dark Chocolate Bark with Roasted Almonds and Seeds\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa100\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs34 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd4\expndtw20
INGREDIENTS
\fs40 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b0\fs36 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	.	}1 pound dark chocolate (60 to 70 percent cacao)\
{\listtext	.	}1 1/4 cups roasted whole almonds\
{\listtext	.	}3/4 cup salted roasted pumpkin seeds and sunflower seeds\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa100\ql\qnatural

\f1\b\fs34 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd4\expndtw20
DIRECTIONS
\fs40 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\sa160\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f0\b0\fs36 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	.	}Line a baking sheet with parchment paper. Using a sharp knife, finely chop the chocolate. In a bowl set over a saucepan of gently simmering water, heat the chopped chocolate, stirring occasionally, until it is about two-thirds melted; do not let the bowl touch the water. Remove the bowl from the saucepan and stir the chocolate until it is completely melted and the temperature registers 90\'b0 on a candy thermometer. If the chocolate has not melted completely and is still too cool, set it over the saucepan for 1 or 2 minutes longer, stirring constantly; do not overheat.\
{\listtext	.	}Stir the almonds and seeds into the chocolate and spread onto the prepared baking sheet in a 1/2-inch-thick layer, making sure the nuts and seeds are completely covered in chocolate. Refrigerate the bark for about 10 minutes, until hardened. Invert the bark onto a work surface. Remove the parchment paper, break into 25 pieces and store or serve.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa100\ql\qnatural

\f1\b\fs30 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd4\expndtw20
MAKE AHEAD
\fs40 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b0\fs36 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 The broken bark can be stored in an airtight bag or container at cool room temperature for up to 10 days.
\f1\b\fs40 \kerning1\expnd4\expndtw20
\
}