{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Dessert Quesadilla\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs32 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 2 servings\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}Nonstick, nonflammable cooking spray\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 (10-inch) {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/tortilla/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 flour tortillas}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons butter, melted\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 medium banana, thinly sliced\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/chocolate/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 semisweet chocolate}} morsels\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 tablespoons firmly packed {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sugar/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 brown sugar}}, plus more for top\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon\
{\listtext	\'95	}Vanilla ice cream, optional\
{\listtext	\'95	}Caramel sauce, optional\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 Preheat the grill to medium-high heat. Spray the grill rack with {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cooking-spray/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cooking spray}}.\
Brush 1 side of a tortilla with some melted butter. Place the tortilla on the grill, buttered-side down. Arrange the banana slices on the tortilla and top evenly with the chocolate morsels. Sprinkle with the brown sugar and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cinnamon/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cinnamon}}. Place the remaining tortilla on top to cover the bananas. Brush with more butter and sprinkle some brown sugar on top. Grill until the chocolate is melted and the bananas are soft, 3 to 4 minutes per side. Cut into wedges and serve with {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/ice-cream/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 ice cream}} and caramel sauce, if desired. Serve immediately.\
}