{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13760\viewh19440\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 French Nougatine\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs32 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 Makes one loaf\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs36 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs46 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}4 ounces shelled pistachios\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 ounces plus 1 cup sugar, divided\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 egg whites\
{\listtext	\'95	}Pinch salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 cups heavy cream\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon vanilla extract\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 teaspoon almond extract\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 For the sauce:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs46 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}6 cups raspberries\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon lemon zest\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 pint fresh raspberries\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup framboise liquor\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs46 \cf0 Preheat the oven to 350 degrees.\
Roast the pistachios in the oven for 10 minutes and immediately transfer to a sheet pan. When the pistachios are cool, transfer them to a greased sheet pan.\
Line a 1 pound (4 1/2-by-8 1/2-by-2 2/3-inch) bread loaf pan with plastic wrap.\
Combine the 4 ounces of sugar with 3 tablespoons water in a small heavy saucepan. Cook until caramel is light amber. Immediately pour over the pistachios and give them a quick shake. Allow the brittle to cool, then chop it into pistachio-size bits. Set aside.\
Whip the eggs whites with the pinch of salt until stiff, set aside in a large bowl. Whip the heavy cream with the 1 cup of sugar, vanilla and almond extracts.\
Fold the egg whites and whipped cream gently together. Add the chopped nut praline and fold it into egg/whipped cream mixture. Place the mixture into the lined loaf pan. Fold the plastic wrap over the top to cover. Freeze 8 hours or overnight.\
For the sauce, blend the raspberries, sugar and lemon zest in a food processor. Strain the mixture and refrigerate.\
At least 20 minutes before serving, combine 1 pint of fresh raspberries with the framboise in a small bowl and macerate.\
When ready to serve, remove the nougatine from loaf pan, unwrap, and slice. Serve each slice with the berry sauce and/or macerated raspberries.}