{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14420\viewh16260\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl500\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs50 \cf0 Ile Flottante\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs30 \cf2 Serves: 
\b0 \cf0 12 servings\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs34 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs40 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl420\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs38 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}2 1/2 cups sugar, divided\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup water, divided\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 teaspoons pure {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/extracts/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 vanilla extract}}, divided\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 cups (5 ounces) sliced almonds\
{\listtext	\'95	}8 extra-large egg whites, at room temperature\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/8 teaspoon {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/salt/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 kosher salt}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 teaspoon cream of tartar\
{\listtext	\'95	}Creme Anglaise, recipe follows\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs40 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs38 \cf0 Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.\
For the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/caramel/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 caramel}}, heat 1 1/2 cups of the sugar and 1/2 cup water in a small, heavy-bottomed saucepan until the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sugar/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 sugar}} dissolves. Cook over medium heat until the syrup turns a warm caramel color. Don't stir, just swirl it in the pan. Off the heat, add 1/2 cup water and 1/2 teaspoon of the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/vanilla/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 vanilla}}; be careful, the syrup will bubble violently. Stir and cook over high heat until the caramel reaches 230 degrees F ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/thread-stage/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 thread stage}}) on a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/candy/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 candy}} thermometer. Set aside.\
For the praline, combine the almonds with 1/4 cup of the caramel and spread them on a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sheet-pan/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 sheet pan}} lined with parchment paper. Bake for 10 to 12 minutes, until the almonds are lightly browned. Allow to cool at room temperature and then break up in pieces.\
Lower the oven to 250 degrees F. Line 2 sheet pans with parchment paper.\
For the meringues, beat the egg whites, salt, and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cream-of-tartar/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cream of tartar}} in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the whisk attachment on medium speed until {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/frothy/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 frothy}}. Turn the mixer on high speed and add the remaining 1 cup of sugar. Beat until the egg whites are very stiff and glossy. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/whisk/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Whisk}} in the remaining teaspoon of vanilla. With dessert spoons place 12 mounds of {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/meringue/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 meringue}} on the parchment paper and bake for 20 minutes, or until a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cake/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cake}} tester comes out clean.\
For serving, pour creme anglaise on the bottom of individual plates. Place a meringue on top of each serving, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/drizzle/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 drizzle}} with caramel sauce, sprinkle with praline, and serve.\
To make a day or two ahead, leave the caramel and praline at room temperature\
and refrigerate the creme anglaise. Bake the meringues before guests arrive and assemble the desserts just before serving.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs40 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs38 \cf0 Creme Anglaise:\
4 extra-large egg yolks\
1/2 cup sugar\
1 teaspoon cornstarch\
1 3/4 cups scalded {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/milk/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 milk}}\
1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract\
1 1/2 teaspoons {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cognac/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Cognac}}\
Seeds of 1/2 vanilla bean, optional\
Beat the egg yolks and sugar in the bowl of an electric {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/mixer/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 mixer}} fitted with the paddle attachment on medium-high speed for 3 minutes, or until very thick. Reduce to low speed, and add the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cornstarch/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cornstarch}}.\
With the mixer still on low, slowly pour the hot milk into the eggs. Pour the custard mixture into a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/saucepan/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 saucepan}} and cook over low heat, stirring constantly with a wooden spoon, until thickened. The {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/custard/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 custard}} will coat the spoon like heavy cream. Don't cook it above 180 degrees F or the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/eggs/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 eggs}} will scramble!\
Pour the sauce through a fine {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/strainer/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 strainer}}, add the vanilla extract, Cognac, and vanilla seeds, if using, and chill.\
Yield: 2 cups\
}