{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12880\viewh15320\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Lemon Meringue with Amaretti Cookie Topping\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs32 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 4 to 6 servings\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs40 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Custard:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs38 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 cup whole milk\
{\listtext	\'95	}Finely grated zest of 1 large lemon\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 tablespoons all-purpose flour\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 egg yolks\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon unsalted butter, at room temperature\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 teaspoon pure vanilla extract\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs40 \cf0 Meringue:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs38 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 cup sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 large egg whites, at room temperature\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup (4 tablespoons) fresh lemon juice (from 1 large lemon)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs40 \cf0 Topping:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls3\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs38 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup all-purpose flour\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/3 cup packed light brown sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}6 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch pieces, chilled\
{\listtext	\'95	}12 amaretti or 1 1/2-inch diameter vanilla wafer cookies\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup sliced almonds\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs40 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs38 \cf0 For the custard: In a small saucepan, bring the milk and lemon zest to a boil over medium heat. Remove the pan from the heat and allow the mixture to cool for 5 minutes.\
In a medium bowl, whisk together the sugar, flour and egg yolks (the mixture will be thick). Pour the milk mixture into the bowl, whisking until smooth. Return the mixture to the saucepan and whisk slowly and constantly over medium-low heat until smooth and thick, 6 to 7 minutes. Remove the pan from the heat and stir in the butter. Whisk in the lemon juice and vanilla until smooth. Transfer the custard to a clean bowl and lay a piece of plastic wrap directly onto the surface. Refrigerate for 2 hours.\
For the meringue: In a small saucepan, combine the sugar and 1/4 cup water over medium-high heat. Stir until the sugar has dissolved. Boil, without stirring, until a candy thermometer registers 240 degrees F, 3 to 4 minutes. Let the syrup cool for 1 minute. While the sugar mixture is cooking, in a stand mixer fitted with a whisk attachment, beat the egg whites on medium speed until frothy. Increase the speed to high and beat until the egg whites hold soft peaks. Reduce the speed to low and carefully drizzle the hot syrup down the side of the mixing bowl. Beat at high speed until the egg whites hold stiff, glossy peaks, about 2 minutes. Gradually beat in the lemon juice.\
Fold the custard into the meringue, then spoon into serving bowls or cups. Refrigerate for at least 1 hour before serving.\
For the topping: Position a rack in the center of the oven and preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a small baking sheet with parchment paper. In a food processor, blend together the flour, brown sugar and butter until the mixture begins to form into clumps, about 20 seconds. Add the cookies and pulse until the cookies are crushed into 1/4-to-1/2-inch pieces. Pulse in the almonds until combined. Arrange the mixture in a single layer on the prepared baking sheet. Bake until the almonds begin to brown, 13 to 15 minutes. Cool for 15 minutes.\
Sprinkle the topping over the meringue custard and serve.\
\
}