{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red205\green63\blue0;\red102\green97\blue97;\red255\green144\blue21;
}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs62 \cf2 Maple Sugar Baked Apples
\fs52 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa260\ql\qnatural

\fs42 \cf3 8 servings
\fs48 \cf2 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs54 \cf4 {\listtext	\'95	}8 large baking Apples (such as Cortland or Golden Delicious)\
{\listtext	\'95	}\'bd cup Maple Sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tsp. ground cinnamon\
{\listtext	\'95	}\'bd tsp. ground nutmeg\
{\listtext	\'95	}6 tbs. Brown Family Farm 100% pure maple syrup\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 tbs. unsalted butter, cut into small pieces\
{\listtext	\'95	}\'bc - \'bd cup raisins (optional)\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup water\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa260\ql\qnatural
\cf3 Peel skin off top quarter of each apple. Core apple, leaving bottom intact. Stand apples in 13x9x2-inch baking pan. Mix sugar and spice in bowl. Reserve 2 tablespoons mixture. Fill apple cavities with remaining sugar mixture and raisins if desired. Spoon \'bd tablespoon maple syrup into each cavity. Scatter 3 tablespoons butter piece over apple. (can be made up to 4 hours ahead. Cover & chill)\
Preheat oven to 350\'b0 F. Pour \'bd water into pan with apples. Bake apples 35 minutes. Add reserve 2 tablespoons sugar mixture, 2 tablespoons maple syrup, 1 tablespoon butter, and \'bd cup water to pan. Bake until apples are tender when pierced with skewer, about 25 minutes longer. Transfer apples to 8 bowls. Place baking pan atop 2 burners: boil over medium-high heat until syrupy, about 2 minutes. Drizzle sauce over apples. Serve with maple whip cream, if desired. \
}