{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Meringues Chantilly\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs32 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 12 meringues\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs36 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}6 extra - large egg whites, at room temperature\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 teaspoon cream of tartar\
{\listtext	\'95	}Kosher salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 cups {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sugar/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 granulated sugar}}, divided\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon pure vanilla extract\
{\listtext	\'95	}Whipped Cream with Orange Liqueur, recipe follows\
{\listtext	\'95	}Stewed berries, recipe follows\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 Preheat the oven to 200 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper. Using a small glass and a pencil, draw 6 (3 1/2-inch) circles on each piece of paper. Turn the paper face-down on the baking sheets.\
In the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the whisk attachment, beat the egg whites, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cream-of-tartar/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cream of tartar}}, and a large pinch of salt on medium speed until {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/frothy/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 frothy}}. Add 1 cup of the sugar and raise the speed to high until the egg whites form very stiff peaks. Whisk in the vanilla. Carefully fold the remaining 1/2 cup of sugar into the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/meringue/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 meringue}}. With a large star - shaped {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/pastry/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 pastry}} tip, pipe a disc of meringue inside each circle. Pipe another layer around the edge to form the sides of the shells.\
Bake for 2 hours, or until the meringues are dry and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/crisp/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 crisp}} but not browned. Turn off the heat and allow the meringues to sit in the oven for 4 hours or overnight.\
Spread some of the sauce from the stewed berries on each plate. Place a meringue on top and fill with {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cream/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 whipped cream}}. Top with berries and serve.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Whipped Cream with Orange Liqueur:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}2 cups (1 pint) cold {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cream/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 heavy cream}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 teaspoons pure {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/extracts/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 vanilla extract}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon orange liqueur\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Whip the cream in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the whisk attachment. When it starts to thicken, add the sugar, vanilla and orange {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/liqueur/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 liqueur}} and continue to whip until the cream forms stiff peaks. Don't overbeat, or you'll end up with {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/butter/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 butter}}!\
Yield: 4 cups\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Stewed berries:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls3\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 half-pint fresh blueberries\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 half-pints fresh {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/raspberry/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 raspberries}}, divided\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup water\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 teaspoon {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/zest/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 orange zest}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 teaspoons framboise (raspberry {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/brandy/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 brandy}})\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Combine the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/blueberry/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 blueberries}}, one-half pint of raspberries, 1/3 cup water, the sugar and zest in a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/saucepan/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 saucepan}} and bring to a boil. Lower the heat and cook uncovered over medium-low heat, stirring occasionally, for 8 to 10 minutes. The juice will become a syrup and the berries will be slightly cooked. Off the heat, stir in the remaining raspberries and the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/framboise/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 framboise}}. Set aside.\
Yield: 8 servings\
\
}