{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red61\green61\blue61;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16300\viewh17380\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-4540\sl500\sa80\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs46 \cf2 Pound Cake Sundaes with Raspberry Topping\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs26 \cf2 Yield: 
\b0 6 to 8 servings\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs46 \cf2 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl420\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs36 \cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}3 sticks unsalted butter, room temperature, divided\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 cups sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}6 large eggs, room temperature\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon vanilla extract\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon lemon extract\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 cups all-purpose flour\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 teaspoon baking soda\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup sour cream\
{\listtext	\'95	}Ice cream\
{\listtext	\'95	}Toppings such as chocolate candies, crumbled chocolate sandwich cookies, toasted nuts \
{\listtext	\'95	}Chocolate Syrup\
{\listtext	\'95	}Raspberry Topping, recipe follows\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs46 \cf2 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa180\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs36 \cf2 Preheat oven to 325 degrees F. Grease and flour a 9 1/2 by 3 3/8-inch Bundt pan. Cream 2 sticks of the butter and sugar together on medium-high speed until light and fluffy. Add eggs, 1 at a time, beating well after each addition. Add the vanilla and lemon extracts and mix well. In a medium bowl, sift together flour, salt, and baking soda. Add 1/3 of dry mixture to creamed mixture and beat on low until mixed. Mix in half of the sour cream.  Alternate between the flour mixture and sour cream. Pour cake mixture into the Bundt pan.  Bake 1 1/2 hours or until a cake tester inserted in cake comes about with a few crumbs clinging. Cool 15 minutes. Remove cake from pan and cool completely on wire rack.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs46 \cf2 Raspberry Topping:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl420\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs36 \cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}3 cups raspberries\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon lemon juice\
{\listtext	\'95	}6 tablespoons sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons raspberry jelly\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa180\ql\qnatural
\cf2 Combine all ingredients in pot and let simmer until thickened.\
}