{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Puff Pastries with Raspberries and Orange Sabayon\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs32 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 6 servings\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Puff Pastry Squares:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 sheet frozen puff pastry (about 12 ounces), thawed\
{\listtext	\'95	}Nonstick cooking spray\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup heavy cream\
{\listtext	\'95	}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Orange Sabayon:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}3 tablespoons sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}8 egg yolks\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon orange juice\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon lemon juice\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon orange zest\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 teaspoon lemon zest\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons orange liqueur, such as Grand Marnier\
{\listtext	\'95	}\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 cups fresh raspberries\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup orange blossom honey\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons confectioners' sugar\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 For the puff pastry squares: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Carefully unfold the puff pastry and cut out twelve 3-by-3-inch squares. Line a half sheet tray with a nonstick silicon mat or spray with nonstick spray. Spread the squares out evenly on the half sheet tray, and lightly brush with the cream. Bake in the oven until golden and puffy, 10 to 15 minutes. Transfer the puffs to a wire rack to cool.\
For the orange sabayon: Combine the sugar and egg yolks in a large metal mixing bowl. Set the bowl over a pot of simmering water (to create a double-boiler) and whisk until the yolks become pale yellow in color. Continue to whisk over low to medium heat until the mixture begins to thicken, about 10 minutes. Add the juices and zests and continue to whisk so the sauce thickens back up again. Add the liqueur and whisk until incorporated and the sabayon is light, fluffy and has good volume, 2 minutes longer.\
Assemble the raspberries and puff pastry together on a plate (if serving individual plates, allow 2 puffs per plate). Drizzle with the honey and pour the sabayon over and around the raspberries and puff pastry squares. Dust with the confectioners' sugar.\
}