{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red84\green84\blue84;\red51\green51\blue51;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl520\sa80\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs66 \cf0 Spicy Apple Bottoms Crepes\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\fs40 \cf2 Yield:  \cf0 7 servings\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\ql\qnatural

\fs52 \cf0 INGREDIENTS\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0\fs48 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}2 cups skim milk\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup canola oil, plus more for coating\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons cinnamon sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 eggs\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 Fuji apples, cored and thinly sliced\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon ground cinnamon\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup caramel sauce\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup powdered sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 can whipped cream\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\ql\qnatural

\b\fs52 \cf0 DIRECTIONS\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa160\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs48 \cf3 Mix the milk, flour, canola oil, cinnamon sugar and eggs in a blender until there are no lumps. \uc0\u8232 \u8232 Place the apples in a frying pan over medium-high heat. Sprinkle the cinnamon over the apples while they cook, and continue cooking until they get nice and soft, about 5 minutes. \u8232 \u8232 Heat a 10-inch pan over medium-high heat and coat with a tiny bit of canola oil so the crepe won't stick. Pour 1/2 cup of the milk-flour batter into the pan, turning so the batter coats the entire surface. Cook for 30 seconds, and then flip, using a spatula to loosen the edges. Put a large spoonful of the cooked cinnamon apples into the center of the crepe and continue cooking for 30 seconds longer. Fold the sides of the crepe over the apples and transfer to a plate folded-side down. \u8232 \u8232 Top the crepes with the caramel sauce, powdered sugar and some whipped cream. \u8232 \u8232 This recipe was provided by a chef, restaurant or culinary professional and may have been scaled down from a bulk recipe. The Food Network Kitchens chefs have not tested this recipe, in the proportions indicated, and therefore, we cannot make any representation as to the results.\
}