{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red84\green84\blue84;\red51\green51\blue51;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12480\viewh13400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl520\sa80\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs66 \cf0 Stacked Puff Pastry with Cherries\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\fs40 \cf2 Yield:  \cf0 4 servings\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\ql\qnatural

\fs48 \cf0 INGREDIENTS\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0\fs44 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}2 sheets puff pastry, thawed\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 egg beaten with 2 tablespoons water\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 can pie cherries, drained\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup bread or cake crumbs\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\ql\qnatural

\b\fs48 \cf0 DIRECTIONS\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa160\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs44 \cf3 Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. \uc0\u8232 Cut 4 "walls" of puff pastry by cutting approximately 1-inch wide strips along each side of a sheet of puff pastry. Set "walls" aside. Poke the remaining "floor" of puff pastry with a fork to provide an escape for steam. \u8232 Lightly apply the egg wash just inside the cut edges of the "floor". Stack "wall" pieces on top of "floor" piece placing the cut edge of the "walls" on the outside edge. Dab ends of "walls" with egg wash and fold long pieces over to form a square. \u8232 Cut a 7 by 7-inch square out of the second sheet of puff pastry. Fold it in half and cut vents for steam along the fold. \u8232 Shake bread or cake crumbs on drained cherries and let sit for 10 minutes. Spoon cherry mixture onto pastry "floor", using more than you may think necessary to compensate for the pastry puffing. Apply egg wash on "walls" avoiding the very edge. \u8232 Lay vented "top" piece on top. Brush with egg wash. \u8232 Bake in oven for 30 minutes. Reduce temperature to 350 degrees F and bake for another 30 minutes.}