{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Strawberry Shortcake\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs32 \cf2 Serves:
\b   
\b0 \cf0 2 to 3 dozen shortbread cakes\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}3 pounds strawberries, stemmed and sliced\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 cups sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 tablespoons balsamic vinegar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 bunch fresh basil leaves, thinly sliced\
{\listtext	\'95	}6 cups cake flour\
{\listtext	\'95	}3/4 cup milk\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 stick plus 1 tablespoon butter, melted\
{\listtext	\'95	}Whipped cream, sweetened with sugar, to serve\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper.\
Combine the strawberries, sugar, balsamic vinegar and basil. Let sit for a few minutes, stirring occasionally, to allow the juices to come out of the berries.\
In a large bowl, combine the flour, milk and melted butter to make a batter. Spoon out dollops of batter onto the prepared baking sheets and shape into rounds. Space the batter dollops out about 1 1/2 inches apart. Do not overcrowd the sheets. You may have to bake in batches if all the batter does not fit on the 2 baking sheets. Bake the shortcakes until golden brown, 10 to 12 minutes. Remove from the oven and let cool on a wire rack.\
Slice each shortcake in half lengthwise and top the bottom half with some strawberries. Place other half of cake on top, and top with whipped cream. Serve immediately.}