{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14740\viewh17780\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl500\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs54 \cf0 Tiramisu\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs34 \cf2 Serves: 
\b0 \cf0 8 servings\

\fs28 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs46 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl420\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs44 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}6 extra-large egg yolks, at room temperature*\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup good dark rum, divided\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 cups brewed espresso, divided\
{\listtext	\'95	}16 to 17 ounces mascarpone cheese\
{\listtext	\'95	}30 Italian ladyfingers, or savoiardi\
{\listtext	\'95	}Bittersweet chocolate, shaved or grated\
{\listtext	\'95	}Confectioners' sugar (optional)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs46 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs44 \cf0 Whisk the egg yolks and sugar in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the whisk attachment on high speed for about 5 minutes, or until very thick and light yellow. Lower the speed to medium and add 1/4 cup rum, 1/4 cup espresso, and the mascarpone. Whisk until smooth.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Combine the remaining 1/4 cup rum and 1 1/4 cups espresso in a shallow bowl. Dip 1 side of each ladyfinger in the espresso/rum mixture and line the bottom of a 9 by 12 by 2-inch dish. Pour half the espresso cream mixture evenly on top. Dip 1 side of the remaining ladyfingers in the espresso/rum mixture and place them in a second layer in the dish. Pour the rest of the espresso cream over the top. Smooth the top and cover with plastic wrap. Refrigerate overnight.\
Before serving, sprinkle the top with shaved chocolate and dust lightly with confectioners' sugar, if desired.\
*RAW EGG WARNING\
Food Network Kitchens suggest caution in consuming raw and lightly-cooked eggs due to the slight risk of \cf2 Salmonella\cf0  or other food-borne illness. To reduce this risk, we recommend you use only fresh, properly-refrigerated, clean, grade A or AA eggs with intact shells, and avoid contact between the yolks or whites and the shell.\
Notes: To make espresso for this recipe in your electric drip coffee maker, use enough water for 4 cups of coffee plus 1/3 cup of ground espresso.\
You can find savoiardi and mascarpone in an Italian specialty store.\
\
}