{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12420\viewh13920\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs32 \cf0 \
Warm Baked Apples\
\
6 \'a0 \'a0 \'a07-to 8-ounce Golden Delicious apples\
1 \'a0 \'a0 \'a01/4 cups chilled heavy whipping cream\
3/4 \'a0 cup frozen cranberry juice cocktail\
\'a0\'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 concentrate, thawed\
3/4 \'a0 cup (packed) dark brown sugar\
2 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0T. butter\
\
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. \'a0Using a small end of\'a0\
melon baller, scoop out stem end and core of each\
apple, leaving bottom intact. \'a0Using vegetable\
peeler, remove peel from top third of each. \'a0Stand\
apples in 11x7-inch glass baking dish, trimming apple\
bottoms if necessary to create flat surface.\
\
Bring 3/4 cup cream, cranberry juice concentrate,\
sugar, and butter to boil in heavy medium saucepan,\
stirring until sugar dissolves. \'a0Pour syrup over apples,\
adding some to hollow centers. \'a0Bake apples until\
tender, basting once, about 1 hour.\
\
Meanwhile, beat remaining 1/2 cup cream in medium\
bowl until peaks form. Chill whipped cream in bowl.\
\
Transfer each apple to shallow bowl, emptying any\'a0\
juices from the center into baking dish. \'a0Pour syrup\
from dish into medium saucepan. \'a0Boil syrup\'a0\
until thick enough to coat spoon, 2 to 3 minutes.\
Spoon over warm apples. \'a0Top each baked apple\
with whipped cream. \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0\
\
\
\
\
\
}