{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Bellini Bar\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs32 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 12 servings\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}2 cups sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup water\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 (16-ounce) bag frozen peaches, thawed\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon grated orange peel\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 (16-ounce) bag frozen {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/strawberry/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 strawberries}}, thawed\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 (16-ounce) bag frozen blueberries or {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/blackberry/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 blackberries}}, thawed\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 to 6 (750-ml) bottles Prosecco or Champagne, chilled\
{\listtext	\'95	}Fresh strawberries, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/raspberry/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 raspberries}}, and blueberries, for garnish\
{\listtext	\'95	}Orange peel twists, for {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/garnish/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 garnish}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 Stir the sugar and water in a large {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/saucepan/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 saucepan}} over medium heat until the sugar dissolves, about 5 minutes. Cool completely.\
Puree the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/peach/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 peaches}} and orange peel in a blender with 1/2 cup of the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sugar-syrup/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 sugar syrup}} until smooth. Strain through a fine-meshed {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/strainer/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 strainer}} and into a bowl. Cover and refrigerate. In a clean blender puree the strawberries with 1/3 cup of the sugar syrup until smooth. Strain through a clean fine-meshed strainer and into another bowl. Discard the seeds. Puree the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/blueberry/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 blueberries}} in a clean blender with 1/3 cup of the sugar syrup until smooth. Strain through a clean fine-meshed strainer and into a third bowl. Discard the seeds and solids. Pour each of the purees into clear glass bowls or small pitchers.\
For each serving, pour 2 to 4 tablespoons of the desired fruit puree into a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/champagne/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Champagne}} flute. Slowly pour enough Prosecco into the flute to fill. Gently stir to blend. Garnish with the whole berries, as desired, and serve.\
Do-Ahead Tip: The fruit purees can each be made 1 day ahead. Cover separately and refrigerate.\
}