{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww23360\viewh20040\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs58 \cf0 Cape Fear Punch\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs38 \cf2 Serves: 
\b0 \cf0 40 (4-ounce) servings\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 For the base:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}750 ml rye whiskey\
{\listtext	\'95	}750 ml water\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup Demerara {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sugar/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 sugar}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 bags green tea\
{\listtext	\'95	}375 ml rum\
{\listtext	\'95	}375 ml {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cognac/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Cognac}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 whole lemons\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 For the punch:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}2 small oranges, thinly sliced\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 small lemons, thinly sliced\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 (750 ml) bottles sparkling wine or {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/champagne/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Champagne}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 liter seltzer or sparkling water\
{\listtext	\'95	}Ice block\
{\listtext	\'95	}Freshly grated nutmeg\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 For the base:\
Pour the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/rye-whiskey/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 rye whiskey}} into a 4-quart container. Fill the now empty rye whiskey bottle with water, pour into an electric kettle, and bring to a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/boil/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 boil}}. Add the sugar and stir until the temperature drops to 190 degrees F. Place the tea bags in the kettle and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/steep/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 steep}} for 3 minutes.\
Add the tea, rum, and Cognac to the whiskey. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/peel/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Peel}} the zest from the lemons, being careful to remove the white pith. Wrap the lemon bodies in {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/plastic-wrap/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 plastic wrap}} and reserve in the refrigerator. Add the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/lemon/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 lemon}} zest to the mixture, and stir to combine. Cover and refrigerate overnight.\
For the punch:\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/strain/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Strain}} the base into a large punch bowl. Juice the reserved lemon bodies and add to the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/punch/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 punch}} bowl. When ready to serve, add the oranges, lemons, sparkling wine, and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/seltzer-water/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 seltzer water}}; stir to combine. Add the ice block and serve with freshly grated {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/nutmeg/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 nutmeg}}.\
\
}