{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10520\viewh11700\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs58 \cf0 Clementine Cosmos\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs38 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 6 to 8 servings\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs42 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}3 clementines, plus 1 very thinly sliced, for garnish\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sugar/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 sugar}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup water\
{\listtext	\'95	}2/3 cup cranberry juice\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/3 cup lime juice\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 cups {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/vanilla/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 vanilla}} flavored vodka (recommend: Grey {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/goose/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Goose}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 Cut the clementines into quarters and squeeze their juice into a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/saucepan/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 saucepan}}. Add the sugar, water and clementine flesh and bring to a boil over medium heat. Reduce the heat and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/simmer/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 simmer}} the mixture for 5 minutes. Pour into a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/strainer/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 strainer}} set over a measuring cup, pressing on the solids to remove as much liquid as possible. Discard the solids, cool the liquid to room temperature and pour into a pitcher. Add the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cranberry/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cranberry}} juice, lime juice and vodka and stir well. Refrigerate until ready to serve. Put 6 or 8 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/martini/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 martini}} glasses in the freezer.\
To serve, pour the mixture into an ice-filled {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cocktail/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cocktail}} shaker and shake until very cold. Pour into the chilled martini glasses and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/garnish/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 garnish}} each with a clementine slice. Drink up and enjoy!\
}