{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww18480\viewh21320\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs34 \cf0 Irish Cream
\b0 \uc0\u8232 Makes 1 bottle \u8232 1 cup Irish whiskey\u8232 1 (14 ounce) can Eagle Brand condensed milk\u8232 1 cup whipping cream (the real stuff)\u8232 4 eggs\u8232 2 tablespoons chocolate flavored syrup (like Monin)\u8232 2 teaspoon instant coffee granules\u8232 2 teaspoon vanilla extract\u8232 \u8232 Combine all ingredients then blend until smooth. Store in a tightly covered container in refrigerator. You can serve it in 24 hours. It\'92ll last a month just stir before serving.
\f1\fs46 \

\f0\b\fs34 Coffee Liqueur
\b0 \uc0\u8232 Makes 2 bottles \u8232 5 cups sugar\u8232 8 cups water\u8232 1 1/4 cups instant coffee\u8232 6 tablespoons Vanilla extract\u8232 1/2 bottle (750 ml) vodka\u8232 \u8232 Heat the sugar and the water to boiling then remove it from the heat and leave to cool. When at room temperature mix it with all the other ingredients and bottle it. Let it sit undisturbed in a cool dark place for one month.
\f1\fs46 \

\f0\b\fs34 Sangria
\b0 \uc0\u8232 Serves 8 \u8232 2 bottles of red wine \u8232 2 ounces blackberry brandy\u8232 1 cup orange juice\u8232 1 cup pineapple juice \u8232 1/2 cup cherry juice\u8232 3 cups maraschino cherries.\u8232 2 cups seasonal fruit cut into wheels.\

\b Infused Gin, Rum, and Vodka
\b0 \uc0\u8232 Makes 1 bottle\u8232 1 bottle of gin, rum, or vodka\u8232 Spice, fruit, or herb of your choice\u8232 \u8232 Get a large mouthed glass container to make an infusion. You want to wash anything you are using to remove all possible pesticides. Place your chosen spice, fruit, or herb in the container then add the alcohol. Close the lid and place somewhere away from direct sunlight and letting it sit from four days to two weeks. Strain, then bottle when finished.\u8232 \u8232 2 weeks: Whole chili peppers, pineapple, fresh ginger, and lemongrass.\u8232 1 week: Cantaloupes, strawberries, peaches, mangoes, pitted cherries, raspberries, blueberries, and blackberries.\u8232 4 days: Vanilla beans, lemons, oranges, grapefruit, limes, mint, garlic, tarragon, basil, oregano, dill, and thyme.
\f1\fs46 \

\f0\b\fs34 Hot Buttered Rum Mix
\b0 \uc0\u8232 Makes 25 servings \u8232 3 cups brown sugar \u8232 1/2 cup unsalted butter \u8232 3 tablespoons clover honey\u8232 1 tablespoon rum extract\u8232 1 tablespoon vanilla extract\u8232 1 teaspoon ground nutmeg\u8232 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon\u8232 1/2 teaspoon ground allspice\u8232 \u8232 Mix all the ingredients together then put in a jar with a lid and store in the fridge. You can also fill an ice cube tray with the mix then put the tray in a freezer bag and pop one out when needed. \u8232 \u8232 To make Hot Buttered Rum add 11/2 ounces of light or dark rum in a mug, a big spoonful of the mix then fill with hot water.
\f1\fs46 \
}