{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red84\green84\blue84;\red51\green51\blue51;\red0\green101\blue159;
}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl520\sa80\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs66 \cf0 Ginger Ale\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\fs40 \cf2 Yield:  \cf0 1 serving\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\ql\qnatural

\fs52 \cf0 INGREDIENTS\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0\fs48 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}2 slices fresh lemon\
{\listtext	\'95	}Fresh ginger, peeled and sliced\
{\listtext	\'95	}Ice, as needed\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}2 ounces or 1/4 cup citrus-flavored vodka\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 ounce or 2 tablespoons agave syrup\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 ounces or 1/4 cup pale ale\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\ql\qnatural

\b\fs52 \cf0 DIRECTIONS\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa160\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs48 \cf3 In a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cocktail/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 cocktail}} shaker, add the lemon slices and desired amount of ginger slices, depending on how spicy you enjoy your drinks. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/muddle/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 Muddle}} or {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/crush/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 crush}} the lemon slices and fresh ginger together. Fill the shaker with ice and add the vodka and agave syrup. Shake to mix the ingredients together. Add the pale ale. To combine, gently transfer the mixture back and forth between each cup of the shaker. You dont want to shake with the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/beer/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 beer}} because of the carbonation. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/strain/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 Strain}} into a cocktail glass and enjoy.}