{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs54 \cf0 Ginger, Lemon, and Lime Martini
\f1\b0\fs38 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Serves:  4 servings\
\

\f0\b\fs48 Ingredients
\f1\b0\fs46 \

\b\fs40 Ice Cubes:
\b0\fs46 \
1 large lime sliced into 4 1/4-inch thick slices\
1 cup water\
1/2 cup fresh lime juice (from 4 large limes)\
\

\b\fs40 Ginger Simple Syrup:
\b0\fs46 \
1 cup water\
1 cup sugar\
1 4-inch piece fresh ginger, peeled and diced into 1/4-inch pieces\
Ice\
1 cup lemon-flavored vodka\
1/2 cup sparkling water, chilled\
Special equipment: ice cube tray\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 Directions
\f1\b0\fs46 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural
\cf0 For the ice cubes: Cut each lime slice in quarters and place into 16 ice cube molds. Combine the water and lime juice and pour over the lime slices. Freeze for at least 4 hours until frozen.\
For the syrup: In a small saucepan, combine the water, sugar, and ginger over medium heat. Bring to a boil, reduce heat, and simmer for 5 minutes, stirring occasionally, until the sugar has dissolved. Remove the pan from the heat and allow the mixture to cool, about 20 minutes. Cover the pan and refrigerate for 4 hours.\
Chill 4 martini glasses in the freezer. Fill a cocktail shaker with ice. Add the vodka, ginger syrup, and sparkling water. Shake for 10 seconds and strain the mixture into the prepared glasses. Place 1 to 2 lime-flavored ice cubes in each glass and serve.\
\
\
\
}