{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14980\viewh20560\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs58 \cf0 Grilled Watermelon and Jalapeno Bowla\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs34 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 4 to 6 servings\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\fs38 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}4 (1-inch thick) {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/watermelon/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 watermelon}} slices, plus small pieces for garnish\
{\listtext	\'95	}Vegetable oil\
{\listtext	\'95	}Salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup water\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 ounces blanco {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/tequila/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 tequila}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1-ounce Jalapeno Infused Simple Syrup, recipe follows\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/lime/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 lime}}, juiced\
{\listtext	\'95	}1-ounce watermelon schnapps\
{\listtext	\'95	}Whole jalapeno peppers, for garnish\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 Heat the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/grill/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 grill}} to high.\
Lightly brush the watermelon slices with vegetable oil and season with salt. Arrange on the grill and grill until you have visible grill marks on both sides. Remove the rind and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/chop/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 chop}} the flesh into large chunks. Add the watermelon flesh to a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/blender/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 blender}}, along with 1 cup of water and blend until liquefied. Strain the juice, through a fine {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/strainer/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 strainer}}, into a bowl. Discard the pulp and reserve watermelon juice.\
In a large bowl or glass pitcher, combine the tequila, simple syrup, lime juice and watermelon {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/schnapps/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 schnapps}}. Add the grilled watermelon juice, and stir. Pour into serving glasses and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/garnish/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 garnish}} with reserved slices of grilled watermelon and a jalapeno pepper.\
Jalapeno Infused Simple Syrup:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 cup water\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sugar/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 sugar}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 small jalapeno pepper, sliced in 1/2\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 In a small {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/saucepan/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 saucepan}} over medium heat, add the water, sugar and the jalapeno pepper. Heat the mixture until the sugar is dissolved, about 2 to 3 minutes. Remove from the heat and let {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/steep/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 steep}} until cool. Remove the pepper slices and reserve the simple syrup.}