{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13840\viewh21040\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs30 \cf0 Sweet-n-Sour \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf0 Makes 6 cups \
Juice from 6 lemons\uc0\u8232 Juice from 6 limes\u8232 4 cups of sugar\u8232 6 cups water\u8232 \u8232 When you mix the juice and simple syrup together you\'92re striving to reach a perfect balance of sweet and a perfect balance of sour. Keep taste testing until you find your preference because not all lemons and limes yield the same amount of juice.\u8232 Mixing half lemons and half limes makes a great all purpose sour mix. Margaritas should have lime juice and a Whiskey Sour should have lemon juice. You can make individual batches if you prefer.
\f1\fs42 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs30 \cf0 Handmade Simple Syrup\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf0 \uc0\u8232 Makes 3 cups\u8232 2 cups sugar\u8232 2 cups water\u8232 \u8232 Heat the sugar and the water in a pan on the stove while stirring. When it starts to a boil reduce the heat and continue to stir for another 5 minutes. Remove from the heat and let it cool. The result is simple syrup. It can be stored in the fridge for a long time. \u8232 You can also make a no cook simple syrup by filling a bottle half with sugar and half with lukewarm water. Shake then after the cloudiness clears, shake again. For sugar-free simple syrup replace sugar with Splenda.
\f1\fs42 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs30 \cf0 Raspberry Liqueur\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf0 \uc0\u8232 Makes 2 1/2 cups\u8232 1 pint fresh raspberries\u8232 2 1/2 cups Vodka\u8232 1 vanilla bean\u8232 1/4 tsp. whole allspice\u8232 1/2 cup simple syrup
\f1\fs42 \

\f0\fs30 \uc0\u8232 Wash berries and lightly crush to release flavor. Add vodka, vanilla bean, and allspice. Stir and store in a large mouthed bottle in cool dark place for 3 weeks. Strain mixture through a cheesecloth and squeeze as much juice as possible. Pour back in bottle, add sugar syrup to taste. Age another 3-5 weeks.
\f1\fs42 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs30 \cf0 Limoncello\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf0 \uc0\u8232 Makes 1 bottle\u8232 1 bottle (750ml) vodka\u8232 1 cup simple syrup \u8232 7 lemon zests
\f1\fs42 \

\f0\fs30 \uc0\u8232 Wash lemons with a brush and hot water to remove any pesticides or wax and zest the lemons. Pour 1/2 of the vodka in a gallon glass jar and add zest. Cover and let sit at room temperature for 20 days. Add the simple syrup and remaining vodka and let sit for another 20 days.
\f1\fs42 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs30 \cf0 Handmade Bloody Mary Mix
\b0 \uc0\u8232 Makes 16 cups\u8232 . \u8232 2 (46 ounce) cans tomato juice\u8232 2 teaspoons celery salt\u8232 4 ounces lemon juice\u8232 1 ounce of limejuice\u8232 1 (5 ounce) bottle Lea & Perrins Worcestershire sauce\u8232 Tabasco sauce to taste\u8232 Salt to taste\u8232 \u8232 Mix all the ingredients together and refrigerate. Feel free to experiment with raw horseradish, wasabi, A-l steak sauce, beef bouillon, chili powder, cayenne pepper, white pepper, pickle juice, or bitters.}