{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs50 \cf0 Peach, Raspberry and Lime Sangria\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs30 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 4 to 6 servings\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs40 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs38 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup Simple Syrup, recipe follows\
{\listtext	\'95	}One 1-pound bag frozen peach slices, thawed\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup peach liqueur or brandy, such as Matilde, DeKuyper or Bols\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon fresh lime juice\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup fresh or frozen raspberries, thawed\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 lime, thinly sliced\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup chilled club soda\
{\listtext	\'95	}One 750ml bottle chilled prosecco or other sparkling white wine\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs40 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs38 \cf0 Puree the Simple Syrup and 2 cups of the sliced peaches in a blender until smooth. Pour the puree into a glass pitcher. Add the peach liqueur and lime juice. Add the raspberries, lime slices and the remaining peach slices. Stir to blend. Refrigerate until ready to serve.\
Just before serving, add the club soda and prosecco. Ladle the sangria with some of each fruit into large wine goblets and serve.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs40 \cf0 Simple Syrup:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs38 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 cup sugar\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Combine the sugar and 1 cup water in a small saucepan over medium heat. Bring to a boil. Reduce the heat and simmer, stirring occasionally, until the sugar has dissolved, 5 minutes. Remove the pan from the heat and allow the syrup to cool, about 20 minutes. Strain before using.\
Yield: 1 1/3cups.}