{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Pomegranate and Cranberry Bellinis\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs32 \cf2 Serves:
\b   
\b0 \cf0 8 to 12 servings\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs36 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 cup ice\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 cups simple syrup, recipe follows\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/4 cups unsweetened pomegranate juice, chilled\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup unsweetened cranberry juice, chilled\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 (25.3 fluid ounces) bottle Prosecco, chilled\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 limes, thinly sliced\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 bunch fresh mint, for garnish\
{\listtext	\'95	}Optional garnish: 1/2 cup (2 1/2 ounces) pomegranate seeds\
{\listtext	\'95	}Special equipment: a 6 to 8 cup capacity {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/punch/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 punch}} bowl\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 Place the ice in a punch bowl. Add the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/simple-syrup/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 simple syrup}}, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/pomegranate/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 pomegranate}} juice, and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cranberry/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cranberry}} juice. Stir well. Slowly pour in the Prosecco. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/garnish/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Garnish}} with lime slices, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/mint/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 mint}} sprigs and pomegranate seeds, if using, and serve.\
Serving Suggestion: As an alternative to serving from a punch bowl, make the bellini mixture in a 6 to 8 cup capacity pitcher. Divide the pomegranate seeds between 12 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/champagne/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 champagne}} flutes. Add 1 slice of {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/lime/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 lime}} and 1 sprig of mint to each glass. Pour the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/bellini/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 bellini}} mixture into the prepared glasses and serve.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Simple syrup:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 cup water\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sugar/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 sugar}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 In a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/saucepan/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 saucepan}}, combine water and sugar over medium heat. Bring to a boil, reduce heat and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/simmer/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 simmer}} for 5 minutes, stirring occasionally, until the sugar has dissolved. Take the pan off the heat and allow the syrup to cool.\
\
Yield: 1 1/2 cups\
Prep Time: 2 minutes\
Cook Time: 5 minutes\
Difficulty: Easy}