{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red85\green85\blue85;\red102\green102\blue102;\red158\green0\blue0;
\red158\green30\blue51;\red51\green51\blue51;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww20160\viewh20240\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa160\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs50 \cf2 Pomegranate Martini 
\b0\fs42 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl460\sa260\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs44 \cf3 1 oz vodka (or citrus vodka, if you have it)\uc0\u8232 1/2 oz Cointreau orange liqueur\u8232 3 oz pomegranate juice*\u8232 chopped ice\u8232 1/4 teaspoon lemon juice, for garnish\u8232 lemon slice, for garnish\
Wet the rim of the cocktail glass with the lemon juice.\uc0\u8232 Place sugar in a saucer and dip the rim of the cocktail glass into the saucer, to produce a ring of sugar stuck to the lemon juice as a decorative rim around the glass.\u8232 Combine all ingredients in a cocktail shaker.\u8232 Add ice so that the shaker is about a third full (ice plus ingredients).\u8232 Shake for 20 seconds.\u8232 Strain into a cocktail glass.\u8232 Squeeze a couple of drops from the lemon slice into the glass, then garnish the side of the cocktail glass with the slice of lemon.\
* You could use cranberry juice in place of the pomegranate juice for a new twist on a 'Cosmopolitan' cocktail - truly scrumptious!\

\fs62 \uc0\u8232 
\f2\b\fs52 \cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl1040\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs56 \cf5 Pomegranate Manhattan
\fs34 \cf6 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl600\sa40\ql\qnatural

\fs48 \cf6 Ingredients:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl480\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs42 \cf6 {\listtext	\'95	}3 1/2 oz. Pomegranate Liqueur\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 oz. Bourbon\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural

\fs34 \cf6 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl600\sa40\ql\qnatural

\fs48 \cf6 Instructions:
\fs58 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\ql\qnatural

\fs42 \cf6 Shake with ice and strain into a martini glass. Drop in a cherry. Can also be served on the rocks in a low ball glass.\
\pard\tx560\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs38 \cf6 \
}