{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red164\green194\blue114;\red47\green43\blue34;\red45\green57\blue24;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11580\viewh15240\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa400\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs58 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd8\expndtw40
Raspberry Mojitos\
\pard\pardeftab720\li40\ri760\sl360\sa120\ql\qnatural

\f1\i\fs42 \cf3 \kerning1\expnd4\expndtw20
makes 1 serving/drink
\i0 \kerning1\expnd4\expndtw20
\
3-4 fresh raspberries, plus more for garnish\uc0\u8232 5-6 mint leaves\u8232 2 tbsp. simple syrup \u8232 ice\
2 ounces white rum\uc0\u8232 1/4 cup cran-raspberry juice or  raspberry juice \u8232 2 tbsp. fresh lime juice (approx. 1/2\
medium-large lime) \uc0\u8232 1/2 cup club soda or sparkling mineral water\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa380\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs48 \cf4 \kerning1\expnd8\expndtw40
Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\li40\ri760\sl360\sa120\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs42 \cf3 \kerning1\expnd4\expndtw20
To make a simple syrup, combine 1 cup granulated sugar with 1 cup water (or just equal parts, if making more or less) in a medium sauce pan. Heat over medium-low heat, stirring frequently, until it begins to boil and sugar is completely dissolved. Allow to cool.\
In a tall glass, add raspberries, mint leaves and the simple syrup. Muddle (squish with the back of a wooden spoon) well until the mint, simple syrup and raspberries are well-combined.\'a0 If possible, try not to break apart the mint leaves, as this will make for a less pleasant drinking experience.\'a0 Fill glass with ice.\'a0 Add rum, cran-raspberry juice, then lime juice and then fill with soda.\
Garnish with lime wedge or additional raspberries, if desired.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural
\cf3 \kerning1\expnd4\expndtw20
Enjoy!
\f0\fs44 \cf4 \kerning1\expnd8\expndtw40
\
}