{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Spicy-Spiked Iced Tea\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs32 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 8 servings\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs36 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}4 orange {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/pekoe-tea/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Pekoe tea}} bags\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 cups boiling water\
{\listtext	\'95	}5 to 6 cups of ice cubes, plus additional ice to serve\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/3 cup {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/superfine-sugar/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 superfine sugar}}, plus more if desired\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 lemon, juiced\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 orange, juiced\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cinnamon/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cinnamon stick}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}10 whole {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/clove/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cloves}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}8 (1 1/2-oz) shots of light rum\
{\listtext	\'95	}Lemon wedges, for {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/garnish/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 garnish}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 Place tea bags in a small bowl or large measuring cup/batter bowl. Add 3 cups boiling water and steep tea 5 minutes.\
Fill a large pitcher with ice cubes, 5 to 6 cups. Pour sugar over ice. Add lemon and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/orange/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 orange juice}}, cinnamon stick and cloves. Pour hot tea over ice and stir with wooden spoon until most of the ice dissolves and tea has been quick-cooled. Serve or chill until ready to serve.\
When ready to serve, pour into a tall glass filled with more ice, a shot of light rum. Pour spicy iced tea through a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/strainer/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 strainer}} to remove the cinnamon, cloves and fruit pulp/pits. Fill glass with tea. Serve tea with extra sugar and lemon wedges.\
}