{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12900\viewh16860\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs56 \cf0 Strawberry Rhubarb Margaritas
\fs52 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs36 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 4 servings
\fs32 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs36 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Margaritas:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs46 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}Rhubarb Syrup, recipe follows\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 cups white tequila\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup fresh lime juice\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup triple sec, such as Cointreau\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup freshly squeezed orange juice\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons fresh ripped mint leaves\
{\listtext	\'95	}Crushed ice, for the shaker\
{\listtext	\'95	}8 fresh strawberries, hulled and finely diced\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs46 \cf0 Combine the Rhubarb Syrup, tequila, lime juice, triple sec, orange juice, mint leaves and some crushed ice in a shaker. Combine in batches, if necessary.\
Place the strawberries in the bottom of 4 margarita glasses. Strain the margaritas over the strawberries.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 Rhubarb Syrup:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs46 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 cups sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 large stalks rhubarb, coarsely chopped\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Combine 1 1/2 cups water and the sugar in a medium saucepan over high heat. Cook until the sugar is dissolved. Add the rhubarb and cook until slightly softened, about 5 minutes. Remove the saucepan from the heat and steep for 1 hour. Drain the liquid into a small saucepan and cook over high heat until slightly reduced and thickened, about 5 minutes. Transfer the syrup to a bowl. Cover and chill in the refrigerator for about 1 hour.\
}