{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Banana Bread with Chocolate Chips\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs32 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 8 servings\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}2 cups all-purpose flour\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon baking soda\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon vanilla extract\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 eggs, slightly beaten\
{\listtext	\'95	}Juice of 1/2 orange (about 3 tablespoons)\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup unsalted butter (1 stick), plus extra for greasing the pan, at room temperature\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 ripe bananas, mashed\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 tablespoons mini chocolate chips\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons confectioners' sugar, for dusting\
{\listtext	\'95	}Special equipment: 1 1/2-quart glass loaf pan\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.\
Sift together the flour, baking soda and salt in a medium bowl. Mix together the vanilla, eggs and orange juice in a measuring cup or small bowl. Cream the sugar and butter in a medium bowl until pale yellow and fluffy, about 5 minutes. Add in the egg mixture and beat until creamy. Mix in the bananas until smooth. Pour the flour in 2 batches into the batter and mix on low speed until incorporated. Stir in the chocolate chips with a wooden spoon. Pour into a greased loaf pan and bake 1 hour, covering lightly with foil if the top gets too brown. Cool, remove from the pan and slice. Serve dusted with the confectioners' sugar\
}