{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red227\green153\blue17;\red85\green85\blue85;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww19860\viewh21320\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa100\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs56 \cf2 A Foolproof Way to Make Luscious, Light Lemon Curd
\fs48 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa200\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs38 \cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\ql\qnatural
\cf3 Instead of simply combining the ingredients in the pan on the stove as most lemon curd recipes call for, mix the ingredients as if you are making a cake.  Cream the butter and sugar until fluffy, beat in the eggs slowly, and  then add the lemon juice. The method works every time: the curd thickens properly, becomes satiny-smooth, and there's not one drop of cooked egg to strain.
\fs36 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b\fs28 \cf2 \

\fs46 Beating the eggs with the butter and sugar makes the curd especially smooth. This method eliminates the small bits of cooked egg that usually require straining.\
\
Don't panic at the curdled appearance right after mixing; it will become satiny-smooth as it cooks.\

\fs28 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa200\ql\qnatural

\fs44 \cf3 A few tips for best results
\fs40 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\fs38 \cf3 Use a heavy-based, nonreactive saucepan \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf3 Stainless steel, anodized aluminum, and enamel all work well. Some materials, such as plain aluminum or unlined copper, will react with the acid in the lemons, discoloring the curd and giving it a metallic flavor.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b \cf3 Stir the sauce often to keep it creamy and to prevent burning  \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf3 Stirring the mixture keeps the protein molecules in the eggs from bonding too tightly, resulting in a creamy, rather than solid, curd. Be sure to scrape the spoon along the seam where the bottom and the sides of the pot meet -- an area prone to burning.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b \cf3 Don't let the curd boil 
\fs28 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs40 \cf3 Boiling can cause the curd to curdle. Take your time and keep the heat moderate. Eventually the curd will thicken to the proper consistency. The curd is cooked when it reaches 170\'b0F, but you can see that it's cooked when your finger leaves a clear path on the back of a spoon. The curd will continue to thicken as it cools. For a double recipe, use a large saucepan and allow for additional cooking time.
\fs36 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa200\ql\qnatural

\b\fs44 \cf3 Lemon curd freezes well
\fs40 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf3 Tightly covered, lemon curd will last about a week in the refrigerator. Because I always like to have some lemon curd on hand, I often make a batch and freeze it; it will last for months tightly covered in the freezer. It doesn't freeze solid, which means you can spoon out exactly what you need when you need it.}