{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red61\green61\blue61;\red6\green124\blue174;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14480\viewh9060\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri1000\sl500\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf2 50 Dips\

\f1\fs36 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa280\ql\qnatural

\fs44 \cf2 1.  Fondue
\b0  Rub a small pot with garlic; add 1 cup white wine and simmer. Whisk in 1 tablespoon cornstarch mixed with a splash of cognac, then 1/4 pound each gruy\'e8re and emmentaler cheese; add salt, pepper and nutmeg. Serve hot with apples and bread.\

\b 2. Tahini Dip
\b0  Puree 1/2 cup tahini (sesame paste), the juice of 2 lemons, 2 teaspoons ground cumin and 1 minced garlic clove. Drizzle in 1/2 cup hot water; puree until smooth.\

\b 3. Hummus
\b0  Make a half batch of Tahini Dip (No. 2); puree with 1 can chickpeas, 3 tablespoons olive oil and 1/2 cup hot water.\

\b 4. Red Pepper Hummus
\b0  Make a half batch of Tahini Dip (No. 2); puree with 1 can chickpeas, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 1/2 cup roasted red peppers and\uc0\u8232 1/2 cup hot water.\

\b 5. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodnetwork.com/recipes/food-network-kitchens/fried-chickpea-hummus-recipe/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 Fried-Chickpea Hummus}}
\b0  Make Tahini Dip (No. 2); puree with 1/2 can chickpeas. Microwave until warm. Fry the other 1/2 can chickpeas in olive oil; season with salt and pepper. Top the hummus with the fried chickpeas, red pepper flakes and chopped parsley.\

\b 6. Edamame Hummus
\b0  Make a half batch of Tahini Dip (No. 2). Puree with a 16-ounce bag thawed shelled edamame and 1/3 cup olive oil; add enough water until smooth.\

\b 7. Charred-Tomato Salsa
\b0  Broil 2 tomatoes until charred, then cool and core. Pulse in a food processor with 1 minced jalape\'f1o, 1 scallion, 1 garlic clove and 1 tablespoon fresh mint. Season with salt.\

\b 8. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodnetwork.com/recipes/food-network-kitchens/deviled-dip-recipe/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 Deviled Dip}}
\b0  Puree 8 hard-boiled eggs with 1/4 cup mayonnaise, 1 tablespoon mustard, 1 chopped pickle, a dash of hot sauce, and paprika, salt and pepper to taste. Garnish with chives.\

\b 9. Pimiento-Cheese Dip
\b0  Mix 1/2 pound each grated cheddar and pepper jack, 1/4 cup each mayonnaise and sour cream and 2 tablespoons diced pimientos. Season with hot sauce and onion and garlic powders.\

\b 10. Eggplant Caviar
\b0  Roast 1 eggplant at 400 degrees until tender, 45 minutes, then peel and chop. Mix with 2 tablespoons each olive oil and parsley, the juice of 1 lemon, 1 chopped garlic clove, and salt and pepper.\

\b 11. Caponata
\b0  Make Eggplant Caviar (No. 10). Saut\'e9 1/2 cup each chopped celery, red bell pepper, tomato and red onion in olive oil, then stir in 2 tablespoons sherry vinegar and 2 teaspoons sugar; mix with the Eggplant Caviar. Stir in 2 teaspoons capers.\

\b 12. Olive Tapenade
\b0  Pulse 1 cup black olives, 3 anchovies, 2 tablespoons each olive oil and capers, 1 tablespoon each lemon juice and parsley, 1 teaspoon fresh thyme and 1 garlic clove in a food processor.\

\b 13. Tomato Tapenade
\b0  Make Olive Tapenade (No. 12) with 2 cups oil-packed sun-dried tomatoes instead of olives. Use white wine vinegar in place of the lemon juice and basil instead of thyme. Thin with water.\

\b 14. Clam Dip
\b0  Puree 2 cans clams with 8 ounces cream cheese, a handful of parsley, 1/2 cup each cottage cheese and mayonnaise, 1/2 chopped onion, 2 tablespoons clam juice and 1/2 teaspoon celery salt. Add the zest and juice of\uc0\u8232 1 lemon, and salt and pepper.\

\b 15. Romesco Dip
\b0  Puree 1/2 cup toasted almonds, 2 roasted red peppers, 2 chopped seeded tomatoes, 1 garlic clove, 1 slice toast and 1 teaspoon smoked paprika. Add 2 tablespoons sherry vinegar and 1/4 cup olive oil; puree.\

\b 16. Refried-Bean Dip
\b0  Saut\'e9 1/2 chopped onion, 2 chopped garlic cloves and 2 teaspoons ground cumin in olive oil. Add 2 cans pinto beans and salt; mash, adding chicken broth until creamy.\

\b 17. Tzatziki
\b0  Mix 1 grated peeled cucumber, 2 cups Greek yogurt, 1 small minced garlic clove and 1 tablespoon each chopped mint, dill and white wine vinegar.\

\b 18. Spicy Raita
\b0  Make Tzatziki (No. 17) without dill and vinegar. Add 1 diced jalape\'f1o, 1 diced tomato, 1/2 teaspoon ground cumin and 1 tablespoon chopped cilantro.\

\b 19. Baked Ricotta
\b0  Mix 1 cup ricotta, 1 teaspoon each chopped sage and lemon zest, and salt and pepper. Bake in an oiled ramekin at 300 degrees, 20 minutes.\

\b 20. Herb Mayonnaise
\b0  Blanch 2 cups mixed fresh herbs in boiling water, 30 seconds. Puree with 1/4 cup mayonnaise, 1 tablespoon sour cream, 2 tablespoons mango chutney and 1/2 teaspoon salt. Add a splash of lime juice.\

\b 21. Salsa Verde
\b0  Puree 1 cup each parsley and basil, 3 chopped scallions, 2 tablespoons capers, 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar, 2 anchovies, 2 garlic cloves and 1/3 cup olive oil. Season with salt; thin with water as needed.\

\b 22. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodnetwork.com/recipes/food-network-kitchens/slow-cooker-spinach-dip-recipe/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 Slow-Cooker Spinach Dip}}
\b0  Mix 1 cup grated smoked mozzarella, 1/2 cup grated parmesan, 8 ounces cream cheese, 1 minced garlic clove, 1 box thawed frozen spinach, 1 jar artichoke hearts, and salt and pepper in a slow cooker. Cover and cook on high, 2 hours.\

\b 23. Pepper-Rosemary Dip
\b0  Saut\'e9 1 minced garlic clove in 1/4 cup olive oil. Puree 1/2 cup jarred piquillo peppers, 1 teaspoon chopped rosemary, 11 ounces goat cheese, half of the garlic oil, and salt and pepper; top with more garlic oil.\

\b 24. Peanut Dip
\b0  Scoop the cream from a can of coconut milk. Mix with 1 cup coconut milk, 1/3 cup peanut butter, 2 tablespoons red curry paste, 2 tablespoons brown sugar and 1 tablespoon each soy sauce and lemon juice.\

\b 25. Hot Crab Dip
\b0  Mix 8 ounces each crabmeat and cream cheese, 1/4 cup heavy cream, 1/2 cup each parmesan and muenster, a splash of lemon juice, 1 minced garlic clove and a pinch of pepper in a baking dish. Add 1/2 cup mixed basil, parsley and chives. Bake at 375 degrees, 30 minutes.\

\b 26. Green Chutney
\b0  Puree 1 inch ginger, 3 chopped scallions, 1 cup each mint and cilantro, 1/2 cup plain yogurt, 1 chopped jalape\'f1o and a splash of lime juice. Add salt; thin with water. Serve with naan.\

\b 27. Green-Goddess Dip
\b0  Puree 4 anchovies, 1 garlic clove and 2 tablespoons each chopped basil, chives, tarragon, parsley and dill. Mix with 1 cup each sour cream and mayonnaise. Add salt, pepper and lemon juice to taste.\

\b 28. Spinach-Walnut Dip
\b0  Puree 2 cups spinach and 1 garlic clove. Mix with 3/4 cup Greek yogurt, 1/4 cup finely chopped walnuts, 1 teaspoon each chopped tarragon, dill and cilantro, 1/2 teaspoon red pepper flakes and a pinch of salt.\

\b 29. Onion Dip
\b0  Saut\'e9 1 each chopped yellow and red onion in olive oil over low heat until caramelized, 30 minutes; cool. Mix with 1 1/2 cups sour cream, 3/4 cup mayonnaise and chopped chives and scallions. Add Worcestershire sauce, salt and pepper.\

\b 30. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodnetwork.com/recipes/food-network-kitchens/blue-cheese-dip-recipe/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 Blue Cheese Dip}}
\b0  Puree 1 1/2 cups sour cream, 3/4 cup mayonnaise and 1/2 pound blue cheese. Add chopped chives, a dash of Worcestershire sauce, and celery salt and pepper to taste.\

\b 31. Wasabi Dip
\b0  Combine 2 tablespoons wasabi powder and 2 tablespoons water, then set aside 20 minutes. Mash with 8 ounces each cream cheese and ricotta and 3 tablespoons each mirin (rice wine) and rice vinegar.\

\b 32. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodnetwork.com/recipes/food-network-kitchens/roasted-garlic-bacon-dip-recipe/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 Roasted Garlic-Bacon Dip}}
\b0  Cut the tops off 2 heads garlic, drizzle with olive oil, wrap in foil and bake at 400 degrees until tender, 45 minutes. Make Onion Dip (No. 29) using the roasted garlic pulp in place of the saut\'e9ed onions. Add 6 slices chopped crisp bacon.\

\b 33. Tomato Chutney
\b0  Toast 1 teaspoon each coriander, fennel and cumin seeds in vegetable oil. Add 2 pounds chopped tomatoes, 2 tablespoons each tomato paste and grated ginger, and a pinch each of curry powder, cayenne, sugar and salt. Saut\'e9 until thick. Serve with flatbread.\

\b 34. Horseradish Dip
\b0  Mix 1 pound grated cheddar, 1 grated apple and 1/4 cup each mayonnaise, sour cream, horseradish and beer. Add 1 teaspoon each Dijon mustard and Worcestershire sauce. Season with onion and garlic powders.\

\b 35. Bagna Cauda
\b0  Melt 1 stick butter with 1/2 cup olive oil. Add 5 chopped garlic cloves and 8 chopped anchovies; mash. Serve warm with crudites.\

\b 36. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodnetwork.com/recipes/food-network-kitchens/aioli-recipe/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 Aioli}}
\b0  Whisk 2 or 3 minced garlic cloves with 2 egg yolks. Gradually whisk in 1 1/2 cups olive oil. Add lemon juice, salt and pepper to taste; thin with water as needed. Serve with crudites.\

\b 37. Olive Aioli
\b0  Make Aioli (No. 36). Stir in 3 tablespoons store-bought olive tapenade.\

\b 38. Orange-Saffron Aioli
\b0  Make Aioli (No. 36) with orange juice instead of lemon. Steep 1/2 teaspoon saffron in 2 tablespoons Pernod for 5 minutes, then add to the a\'efoli.\

\b 39. Tomatillo Salsa
\b0  Broil 20 husked and rinsed tomatillos, 1 sliced onion and 4 unpeeled garlic cloves until charred. Peel the garlic and puree with the tomatillos, onion, 1 chipotle in adobo sauce, 2 tablespoons cilantro and a pinch each of sugar and salt.\

\b 40. White-Bean Dip
\b0  Fry 10 sage leaves, 4 chopped garlic cloves and a pinch of red pepper flakes in 1/4 cup olive oil. Add 1 can cannellini beans and 1/3 cup water; warm through, then puree. Add a splash of lemon juice and a pinch of salt.\

\b 41. Seven-Layer Dip
\b0  Layer salsa, guacamole, refried beans, sour cream, shredded cheddar, crushed tortilla chips and shredded lettuce in a large baking dish.\

\b 42. Spicy Ranch Dip
\b0  Whisk 1/4 cup each sour cream and minced red onion, 1/3 cup buttermilk, 1/2 cup mayonnaise, 1 clove minced garlic and 1 tablespoon each chopped chives, parsley, and chipotles in adobo sauce; season with salt.\

\b 43. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodnetwork.com/recipes/food-network-kitchens/guacamole-recipe4/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 Guacamole}}
\b0  Mash 3 avocados with 1/2 cup minced red onion and 1 to 2 minced jalape\'f1os. Stir in 1 diced tomato, 1 bunch chopped cilantro and a splash of lime juice. Season with salt.\

\b 44. Asian Guacamole
\b0  Make Guacamole (No. 43) with 1 bunch chopped scallions instead of red onion. Add 1 teaspoon grated ginger, 1 cup diced peeled cucumber and a splash each of sesame oil and soy sauce.\

\b 45. Queso Dip
\b0  Saute 3 tablespoons minced onion in oil. Add 1 can green chiles, 2 tablespoons flour, 1/3 cup beer, 1/4 pound each grated muenster and cheddar and a handful of chopped cilantro; cook until the cheese melts, then broil until bubbly.\

\b 46. Chorizo Dip
\b0  Make Queso Dip (No. 45); brown 1/4 pound sliced chorizo with the onion and replace the canned chiles with 1 diced jalape\'f1o.\

\b 47. Classic Salsa
\b0  Mix 4 diced tomatoes, 1 minced red onion, 1 minced garlic clove, 1 to 2 minced jalapenos and a handful of chopped cilantro. Season with salt.\

\b 48. Tropical Salsa
\b0  Make Classic Salsa (No. 47); use 3 cups diced pineapple and mango instead of tomatoes and grated ginger instead of garlic. Add a splash of rum and a pinch of allspice.\

\b 49. Ricotta-Tomato Dip
\b0  Simmer 2 cups tomato sauce in a small skillet. Add 1 cup ricotta in dollops and warm through. Garnish with basil and drizzle with olive oil.\

\b 50. Pizza Dip
\b0  Make Ricotta-Tomato Dip (No. 49) in a small ovenproof skillet; top with diced mozzarella and pepperoni, then bake at 350 degrees until bubbling.\
\
\
}