{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red70\green70\blue70;\red126\green161\blue4;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15660\viewh20240\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa300\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs58 \cf0 Dips & Marinades\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa240\ql\qnatural

\fs52 \cf2 Tuscan Bruschetta\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\ql\qnatural

\fs48 \cf3 Ingredients\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\ql\qnatural

\fs46 \cf2 Bruschetta Topping:
\b0 \
1 Cup Cherry Tomatoes\
\'bc Cup Red Onion, cut into 4 pieces\
2 Tbsp Olive Oil\
1 Tsp Balsamic Vinegar\
\'bd Cup Fresh Basil Leaves\
Salt and pepper to taste\
\
\

\b Tuscan Bean Spread:
\b0 \
1 (15 oz.) Can Cannellini Beans, drained and rinsed\
\'bc Cup Loosely Packed Parsley Leaves\
2 Tbsp Fresh Lemon Juice\
1 Tbsp Olive Oil\
1 Garlic Clove\
Salt and pepper to taste\
1 Loaf French Bread\
2 Tbsp Olive Oil\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\ql\qnatural

\b\fs48 \cf3 Instructions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\ql\qnatural

\fs46 \cf2 To make the Bruschetta Topping:
\b0 \
Place all ingredients in the bowl and pulse 3 to 4 times until tomato mixture is uniform in size. Pour into a small bowl and set aside.\
\

\b To make the Tuscan Bean Spread:
\b0 \
Using the same bowl (no need to wash), add all the ingredients for the bean spread, pulse until the mixture is smooth.\
\

\b Assemble The Bruschetta:
\b0 \
Cut the French bread into \'bd inch thick slices, brush with olive oil and grill on each side until lightly golden brown. Cool to room temperature. Spread the bean mixture on the grilled bread and top with the bruschetta mixture. Garnish the plate with fresh basil.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa240\ql\qnatural

\b\fs52 \cf2 Babaganoosh (Grilled Eggplant Dip)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs40 \cf2 Makes about 2 \'bd cups
\fs46 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\ql\qnatural

\b\fs48 \cf3 \
Ingredients\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs46 \cf2 2 Large Eggplants (approx 2 lbs)\
2 Garlic Cloves\
2 Scallions\
4 Tbsp Italian Flat Leaf Parsley\
4 Tbsp Fresh Squeezed Lemon Juice\
2 Tbsp Plain Yogurt\
2-3 Tbsp Extra Virgin Olive Oil\
\'bd Tsp Ground Cumin\
Salt and Fresh Ground Black Pepper to taste\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\ql\qnatural

\b\fs48 \cf3 Instructions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs46 \cf2 Wash the eggplants and prick in a few spots to allow the steam to escape. Grill them over a medium flame; turning frequently, until charred on all sides and the flesh is soft. Let cool and then split lengthwise and scoop out the flesh.\
\
In the bowl add garlic, scallion, parsley and lemon juice and pulse until all items are minced. Add eggplant, olive oil, cumin, salt and pepper and pulse until items are pureed. Adjust seasoning and serve in bowl with additional olive oil drizzled on top and garnish with parsley sprigs. Serve with warm pita wedges, your favorite bread or an assortment of raw vegetables.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa240\ql\qnatural

\b\fs52 \cf2 Tzatziki (Cucumber Yogurt Dip)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs40 \cf2 Makes about 2 \'bd Cups\

\b\fs52 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\ql\qnatural

\fs48 \cf3 Ingredients\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs46 \cf2 16 oz. Greek Style (Thick) Yogurt\
1 Seedless Cucumber\
2 Tbsp Kosher Salt\
5 Garlic Cloves, Peeled\
2 Tbsp Red Wine Vinegar\
3 Tbsp Extra Virgin Olive Oil\
12 Fresh Mint Leaves\
Fresh Ground Black Pepper\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\ql\qnatural

\b\fs48 \cf3 Instructions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs46 \cf2 Wash cucumber and remove ends. Cut into 1 \'bd\'94 sections and place in pitcher. Pulse to reduce to a coarse grate. Place in a separate colander and add 1 Tbsp of the kosher salt. Press cucumber through colander to remove excess liquid.\
Add yogurt, cucumber, garlic, vinegar, olive oil, mint, salt and pepper into pitcher and pulse until sauce is smooth.\
Serve with meat, fresh veggies or your favorite crackers.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa240\ql\qnatural

\b\fs52 \cf2 Orange Mojo Marinade\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs38 \cf2 Marinate for 1 lb of Chicken or Pork
\fs46 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\ql\qnatural

\b\fs48 \cf3 \
Ingredients\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs46 \cf2 1/2 cup orange juice\
4 garlic cloves, peeled\
Juice from \'bd lime\
1/2 t. cumin\
\'bc cup fresh cilantro leaves\
1/2 t. red pepper flakes\
1/2 t. dried oregano\
3 oz. fresh Mango slices\
Salt and fresh ground black pepper\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\ql\qnatural

\b\fs48 \cf3 Instructions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs46 \cf2 Add all ingredients into bowl and pulse until smooth. Pour into resealable bag with either chicken breast or pork cubes. Let marinate 2-4 hours or overnight before grilling.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa240\ql\qnatural

\b\fs52 \cf2 Traditional Guacamole\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs40 \cf2 Makes about 1 \'bd cups\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\ql\qnatural

\b\fs48 \cf3 \
Ingredients\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs46 \cf2 2 Hass avocados, ripe but firm, cut in 2\'94 pieces\
2 oz. white onion, cut into 1\'94 pieces\
1 garlic clove\
\'bd medium beefsteak tomato, cut in 4 pieces\
Juice from \'bd Lime\
15 cilantro leaves, whole\
\'bd t. kosher salt\
Hot sauce to taste\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\ql\qnatural

\b\fs48 \cf3 Instructions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs46 \cf2 Add all ingredients into the bowl and pulse until desired consistency is reached. Serve with your favorite chips\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa240\ql\qnatural

\b\fs52 \cf2 Fresh Tomato Salsa\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs38 \cf2 Makes about 2 \'bd cups
\fs46 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\ql\qnatural

\b\fs48 \cf3 \
Ingredients\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs46 \cf2 4 Roma tomatoes, cut in 4 pieces\
\'bc small white onion\
1 Serrano chilies, split and deseeded\
1 T. cilantro leaves\
\'bd t. sugar\
\'bd t. salt\
Juice from \'bc Lime\
Pinch of oregano\
Pinch of cumin\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\ql\qnatural

\b\fs48 \cf3 Instructions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs46 \cf2 Add all ingredients into the bowl. Use short pulses, about 3 times until desired consistency is reached.\
Serve with your favorite chips and guacamole.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa300\ql\qnatural
\cf2 \
}