{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs58 \cf0 Guacamole (Williams-Sonoma)
\fs48 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs38 \cf0 Makes about 2 cups
\fs24 \
\

\fs42 This recipe calls for preparing the guacamole in a 
\i molcajete
\i0 , a mortar and pestle carved from volcanic rock. One of the world's oldest kitchen tools, it was used by the Aztecs in Mexico for grinding corn into flour.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\ql\qnatural

\b\fs60 \cf0 Ingredients:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0\fs48 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 ripe tomato, finely chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 Tbs. diced white onion\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 serrano chilies, finely chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 Tbs. fresh lime juice\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 tsp. minced garlic\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 tsp. sea salt, plus more as needed\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 large avocados, preferably Haas\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 Tbs. finely minced fresh cilantro
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\ql\qnatural

\b\fs52 \cf0 For the garnish:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\b0\fs48 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 Tbs. small fresh cilantro leaves (optional)\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 Tbs. finely chopped white onion (optional)\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 Tbs. finely chopped ripe tomato (optional)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\ql\qnatural

\b\fs60 \cf0 Directions:\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs48 \cf0 Put the tomato, onion, chilies, lime juice, garlic and the 1/2 tsp. salt in a 
\i molcajete
\i0  or small bowl, and smash with a pestle or fork to a coarse paste. Cut the avocados in half, remove the pits and scoop the flesh into the tomato mixture. Add the minced cilantro and mix and mash, leaving some lumps. Taste and adjust the seasonings with salt. \
\
If you want, sprinkle the guacamole with any or all of the garnishes and serve immediately, if possible. To keep at room temperature for up to 1 hour, cover with plastic wrap, pressing it directly onto the surface. To keep for up to 3 hours, do not add the cilantro until just before serving, and cover and store in the refrigerator. \
\
}