{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red84\green84\blue84;\red51\green51\blue51;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl520\sa80\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs64 \cf0 Hot Crab Dip\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\fs38 \cf2 Yield:  \cf0 4 cups\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\ql\qnatural

\fs52 \cf0 INGREDIENTS\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0\fs48 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons unsalted butter\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon olive oil\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 medium shallots, minced\
{\listtext	\'95	}8 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon crab-boil seasoning (recommended: Old Bay)\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}3/4 cup half-and-half\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 ounces sharp white Cheddar cheese, grated\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup chopped flat-leaf parsley, plus more for garnish\
{\listtext	\'95	}12 ounces fresh jumbo lump crab meat, picked over for cartilage\
{\listtext	\'95	}Sliced baguette, crackers, or toast points, for serving\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa340\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 NOTES\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf3 The baking dish should be perfect to serve from. \uc0\u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\ql\qnatural

\b\fs52 \cf0 DIRECTIONS\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa160\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs48 \cf3 Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Butter or coat with nonstick spray, 2 or 3 small or 1 large ovenproof baking dish. \uc0\u8232 In a small saute pan, melt the 2 tablespoons butter and oil together and cook the shallots until soft and translucent. \u8232 In a stand mixer fitted with a paddle attachment, mix the cream cheese, crab-boil seasoning, cayenne pepper, half-and-half, lemon juice, and Worcestershire sauce until well combined. Add the sauteed shallots, grated Cheddar cheese, and most of the parsley. Mix by hand until incorporated. Gently fold in the crabmeat, being sure not to overmix or break up the crab too much.\
Transfer the dip to the prepared baking dish and bake, covered with foil, until the dip is hot, about 10 to 20 minutes depending on the size of the dish. Remove the foil and bake an additional 5 to 10 minutes, until slightly golden on top. Sprinkle with the remaining parsley and serve hot with sliced baguette, crackers, or toast points for dipping. Garnish with fresh parsley.\
}