{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww21720\viewh20240\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl500\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Roasted Eggplant Caponata\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs32 \cf2 Serves: 
\b0 \cf0 8 servings\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs42 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl420\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs40 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 large eggplant (1 1/2 pounds)\
{\listtext	\'95	}Good olive oil\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 ounces jarred roasted red peppers, chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup large green olives, pitted and chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup chopped yellow onion\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/8 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon minced garlic (3 cloves)\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 tablespoons minced parsley\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons pine nuts, toasted\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons drained capers\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons tomato paste\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon red wine vinegar\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 teaspoons kosher salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}Toasted pita triangles, for serving\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs42 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs40 \cf0 Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Line a sheet pan with aluminum foil.\
\
Place the whole eggplant on the pan, prick with a fork in several places, and rub with olive oil. Roast for 45 to 50 minutes, until the eggplant is very soft when pierced with a knife. Set aside to cool. Halve the eggplant, peel, and discard the skin. Place the eggplant, peppers, and olives in the bowl of a food processor fitted with the steel blade and pulse until coarsely chopped. Pour into a mixing bowl.\
\
Meanwhile, heat 1 tablespoon of olive oil in a medium saute pan. Add the onion and red pepper flakes and cook over medium heat for 5 minutes, until the onion is lightly browned. Add the garlic, cook for 1 minute, and add to the eggplant mixture. Add the parsley, pine nuts, lemon juice, capers, tomato paste, vinegar, salt, and pepper and mix. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate for a few hours to allow the flavors to develop. Taste for seasonings and serve at room temperature with toasted pita triangles.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl500\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Toasted Pita Triangles
\f1\b0\fs32 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260\ql\qnatural

\b \cf2 Serves: 
\b0 \cf0 6 servings\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs42 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl420\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs40 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 bag pita bread\
{\listtext	\'95	}Good olive oil\
{\listtext	\'95	}Kosher salt\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs42 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs40 \cf0 Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.\
\
Cut each pita in half and then each half in triangles and place them in a single layer on a sheet pan. Drizzle with olive oil and sprinkle generously with salt.\
\
Bake for 10 minutes.}