{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red34\green34\blue34;\red94\green90\blue87;\red0\green171\blue189;
\red69\green69\blue69;\red85\green85\blue85;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid4}
{\list\listtemplateid5\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid5}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}{\listoverride\listid5\listoverridecount0\ls5}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15760\viewh20840\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl740\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\fs74 \cf2 Roasted Garlic Hummus
\f1\b\fs22 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl220\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs32 \cf2 Yield:  
\b0 \cf3 Serves 6\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl220\ql\qnatural
\cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl460\sa200\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs58 \cf2 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\sa120\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\fs42 \cf3 		3 large garlic cloves, unpeeled\
		1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon extra-virgin olive oil\
		One 19-ounce can chickpeas, drained\
		1/4 cup freshly squeezed lemon juice\
		3 tablespoons sesame tahini\
		3 tablespoons water\
		1 teaspoon coarse salt\
		1/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper\
		1/4 cup fresh chives, minced\
		Assorted crudites, for serving\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl460\sa200\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs58 \cf2 Directions\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\sa320\ql\qnatural
\ls3\ilvl0
\f1\fs42 \cf3 {\listtext	.	}Preheat oven to 400 degrees. Place garlic cloves on a small piece of foil, and lightly drizzle with 1 teaspoon olive oil. Seal foil to form a pouch, and roast garlic in oven until soft, about 20 minutes. Remove the garlic from the oven, and allow garlic to cool slightly; peel and transfer to the bowl of a food processor. Add the chickpeas, and process until finely chopped.\
{\listtext	.	}Add lemon juice, sesame tahini, water, salt, cayenne pepper, and 1 tablespoon olive oil, and process until the texture is light and fluffy but not entirely smooth, about 2 minutes. Stir in chives, and transfer to a serving bowl. Serve with assorted crudites, if desired.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa40\ql\qnatural

\f2\fs58 \cf5 Roasted Garlic Hummus
\f1\fs48 \cf3 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl380\ql\qnatural

\f2\fs32 \cf5 Makes:  about 1  2/3 cups
\f1\fs48 \cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl800\ql\qnatural

\f2\fs52 \cf6 INGREDIENTS
\fs42 \cf5 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl380\ql\qnatural
\ls4\ilvl0\cf5 		1 head garlic\
		1 19-ounce can chickpeas, rinsed, or 2 cups cooked chickpeas\
		2 tablespoons lemon juice\
		1 tablespoon reduced-sodium soy sauce\
		1 tablespoon tahini, (sesame paste)\
		2 tablespoons water\
		2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, plus a sprig for garnish\
		Salt, to taste\
		Paprika, for garnish\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl800\ql\qnatural

\fs52 \cf6 PREPARATION
\fs42 \cf5 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl380\ql\qnatural
\ls5\ilvl0\cf5 		Preheat oven to 425\'b0F. Remove the loose papery outside skin from the garlic head without separating the cloves. Slice off the top 1/2 inch. Wrap in a small square of foil and roast until the garlic is very soft, about 40 minutes. Unwrap and cool slightly. Separate the cloves and peel.\
		Puree the garlic, chickpeas, lemon juice, soy sauce, tahini and water in a food processor. Add more or less water as necessary to make a fairly firm dip.\
		Transfer to a small serving bowl, stir in parsley and season with salt. Garnish with a sprig of parsley and a sprinkling of paprika.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl380\ql\qnatural
\ls5\ilvl0
\f1\fs58 \cf3 		
\f2\b\fs42 \cf5 Make Ahead Tip
\b0 : Cover and refrigerate for up to 2 days. \
\pard\tx560\pardeftab720\sl380\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs58 \cf3       \
\

\fs42 \
\
}