{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15740\viewh20140\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl500\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs46 \cf0 7 Layer Dip
\f1\fs26 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260\ql\qnatural
\cf2 Serves: 
\b0 \cf0 6 servings
\f0\b\fs32 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \

\fs46 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl420\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs44 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 (15-ounce) can refried beans\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons hot sauce\
{\listtext	\'95	}Extra-virgin olive oil, for drizzling\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 scallions, cut into 1 inch pieces\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 (16 to 18 ounce) jar green chili or tomatillo salsa\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons chopped cilantro, a palm full, chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 (15-ounce) can black beans\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 teaspoons ground cumin, 2/3 palm full\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 (16 to 18 ounce) jar chipotle salsa\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 cups sour cream\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 lime, zested and juiced\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 ripe avocados\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 cloves garlic, finely chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 lemon, juiced\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 jalapeno, seeded and finely chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}Salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 plum tomatoes, diced\
{\listtext	\'95	}Pimiento stuffed jumbo Spanish olives, chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}Tortilla chips, buy 2 sacks in 2 different colors/varieties\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs46 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs44 \cf0 Heat refried beans in small nonstick pan over medium heat and season with hot sauce. Transfer the beans to a small, deep casserole dish. Scrape pan clean with rubber spatula and return to heat.\
\
Add a little extra-virgin olive oil to the pan and raise heat to high. When the oil smokes, add the scallions and sear them, 2 to 3 minutes. Add green salsa to scallions and heat through. Add cilantro, remove salsa from heat, and layer on top of the beans.\
\
Return the same pan to the stove, lower heat to medium and add black beans, heat through and season with cumin, layer on top of the green salsa.\
\
Top the black beans with a layer of chipotle salsa. Mix sour cream the lime zest and juice and spread on top of the chipotle salsa.\
\
Combine the meat of 2 ripe avocados with garlic, lemon juice, jalapeno and salt to form a chunky guacamole. Top the salsa with guacamole. Garnish the dip with the final layer of diced tomatoes and sliced olives.\
}