{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red107\green110\blue42;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa360\qc

\f0\b\fs64 \cf2 Canning Apple Butter
\fs40 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\ql\qnatural

\fs58 \cf2 Ingredients
\f1\b0\fs46 \cf0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}apples -enough\'a0to fill your crockpot very full.\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 -2 cups sugar (to taste)\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tsp cinnamon \'a0\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 tsp ground cloves\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 tsp salt\
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b\fs58 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\ql\qnatural
\cf2 Procedure \

\f1\b0\fs46 \cf0 Peel, core and slice your apples. This is where the apple, peeler, corer, slicer comes in handy. It will cut your time in half.\
Put your apples into your crock pot. \'a0Fill it up to the brim. \'a0The apples will settle quite a bit as they cook and soften.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 In a bowl mix sugar, cinnamon, cloves and salt. Pour this mixture over the apples.\
Cover and\'a0cook\'a0approximately 10 hours. \'a0Stir\'a0occasionally. \'a0\
As the apples cook you will be able to go from stirring with a spoon to a whisk. They will whisk up nice and smooth. \
The color will get darker and darker as the apple butter thickens as well. \'a0I love to let them cook good and long. \'a0It makes the apple butter so yummy. \
Tip: Start these in the evening. \'a0Cook on high for an hour just before going to bed. \'a0Turn down to low and give them a good stir. \'a0In the morning\'a0whisk them up. \
Let the apple butter\'a0cook down to your desired consistency. \'a0It will end up with a nice scrumptious browned color. \'a0You can leave the lid off for the last hour\'a0to get a thicker consistency. \'a0\
Fill your jars leaving a 1/4 inch head space.\'a0 Wipe the rims clean, remove any air bubbles and place your lids.\
}