{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red107\green110\blue42;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww20060\viewh20240\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa360\qc

\f0\b\fs60 \cf2 Pear Butter Recipe
\fs40 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\ql\qnatural

\fs58 \cf2 Ingredients
\f1\b0\fs46 \cf0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}Pears - 7 pounds\
{\listtext	\'95	}Sugar- 2 cups\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tsp grated orange peel\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 tsp nutmeg\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/3 cup orange juice\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b\fs58 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\ql\qnatural
\cf2 Procedure Ingredients\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs46 \cf0 Wash, peel and core your pears.\
\
Combine with 1/2 cup water in a large pot. Simmer until pears are soft. Puree in a food mill or food processor or just mash them with a potato masher and wisk. Don't overdo it if you use a food processor. You just want to puree them, not make pear juice!\
\
Place pear sauce in your crock pot. Add sugar, orange juice, orange peel, and nutmeg. Stir to combine.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Cook with the lid askew allowing moisture to escape and sauce to thicken. It will get smoother as it cooks so if it is a bit lumpy at first it is not a huge problem. Total cook time may be 8-10 hours. If you have a splatter screen you can place this over the top and leave the lid off. This allows the moisture to escape but keeps the butter from splattering all over your counter. As it gets thicker it may splatter.\
Stir occasionally. Or give it a good stir and let cook overnight.... your kitchen will smell fantastic in the morning. Only do the overnight cook if your cooker will cook at a nice low temperature. I have a crockpot that cooks everthing a bit too high and if I left this overnight it would scorch for sure. Or plan on rising several times during the night and stirring the pear butter.\
When the pear butter is the consistency you like, pack in jars and process. \uc0\u8232 \u8232 Spoon hot pear butter into hot jars. Leave 1/4 inch headspace. Place your lids and rings on the jars and place in the canner.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs58 \cf2 Process\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs46 \cf0 pints or 1/2 pints - process for 10 minutes}