{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid4}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15280\viewh16960\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs96 \cf0 Chocolate Marble Cheesecake
\fs84 \

\b0\fs60 Yield:  8 servings\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\ql\qnatural

\b\fs80 \cf0 Ingredients
\fs86 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs74 \cf0 Nonstick cooking spray\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs62 \cf0 CHEESECAKE BATTER:
\fs74 \
{\listtext	\'95	}One 8-ounce package cream cheese, at room temperature\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 large egg\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 vanilla bean, split and seeds scraped\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural
\ls3\ilvl0
\fs64 \cf0 CHOCOLATE BATTER:
\fs74 \
{\listtext	\'95	}10 ounces bittersweet chocolate, finely chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 stick (8 tablespoons) unsalted butter, cut in chunks\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon instant coffee or espresso\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 large eggs\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural
\ls4\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 vanilla bean, split and seeds scraped\
{\listtext	\'95	}Pinch of fine salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}Unsweetened cocoa powder, for dusting\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup raspberries, for garnish\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\ql\qnatural

\b\fs80 \cf0 Directions
\fs86 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs74 \cf0 Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F. Spray the bottom and sides of a 9-inch round cake pan with nonstick cooking spray, line the bottom with parchment or wax paper, and spray the paper. 
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 For the cream cheese batter: Beat the cream cheese in the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the whip attachment, or with a handheld mixer, until smooth. Beat in the sugar. Add the egg and vanilla bean seeds and beat just until blended. Set aside. 
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 For the chocolate batter: Put the chocolate and butter in a microwave-safe bowl and microwave on high for 30 to 40 seconds until almost melted. Stir until the chocolate is melted and smooth. Set aside to cool. 
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 Combine the sugar and instant coffee in a medium bowl. Add the eggs and whisk to combine. Add the vanilla bean seeds, salt and the chocolate mixture, and whisk until the batter is thick, about 2 minutes. 
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 Pour the chocolate batter into the prepared cake pan and smooth with a rubber spatula. Dollop spoonfuls of the cream cheese mixture all around the top of the chocolate batter. Using the tip of a spoon or knife, gently swirl the batters together. 
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 Bake until the cheesecake is set and slightly cracked around the edges, 35 to 40 minutes. 
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 Cool in the pan for about 2 hours. 
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 To serve, run a knife around the edge of the cake to loosen from the pan. Turn the cake out onto a plate, remove the parchment, and gently flip back onto a serving plate. Sift cocoa powder over the top and around the rim of the plate. Garnish the center of the cake with raspberries. 
\f1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 
\f0 If storing: Wrap the cooled cake (still in the pan) in plastic wrap and then with a couple of layers of foil. Freeze up to 1 week; thaw in the refrigerator overnight, or at room temperature for a couple of hours before unmolding, garnishing and serving as above. \
}