{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid4}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Chocolate Explosion Cheesecake\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs32 \cf2 Makes:  
\b0 \cf0 1 (9-inch) cheesecake\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs36 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Crust:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}2 cups crushed {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/graham-cracker/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 graham cracker}} crumbs\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/3 cup sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/3 cup butter, melted\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Chocolate Layer:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}6 (1-ounce) squares {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/chocolate/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 semisweet chocolate}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}6 tablespoons butter\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 large eggs\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons all-purpose flour\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Cheesecake Layer:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls3\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup caramel syrup\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 (16 1/2-ounce) package refrigerated {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/chocolate/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 chocolate chip}} cookie dough\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 (8-ounce) packages {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cream-cheese/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cream cheese}}, softened\
{\listtext	\'95	}3/4 cup sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 large eggs\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/extracts/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 vanilla extract}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/flour/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 all-purpose flour}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup sour cream\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Chocolate Ganache:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls4\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}6 (1-ounce) squares semisweet chocolate\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 tablespoons heavy {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/whipping-cream/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 whipping cream}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F.\
For the crust: In a medium bowl, combine the cracker crumbs and sugar. Add the melted butter, stirring to combine. Press the crust into the bottom and 1 inch up the sides of a 9-inch {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/springform-pan/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 springform pan}}. Bake for 6 minutes; let cool.\
For the chocolate layer: Using a double boiler, melt the chocolate and butter (or microwave on high in 30-second intervals, stirring after each, until the chocolate is melted and smooth, about 1 1/2 minutes total). Whisk in the sugar, eggs, and flour until just combined. Pour into the bottom of the cooled crust and bake for 15 minutes; let cool.\
For the cheesecake layer: Spread the caramel topping evenly over the cooled chocolate layer. Cut the cookie dough crosswise into 1-inch slices. Place the slices in an even layer over the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/caramel/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 caramel}}, pressing gently together to seal the edges.\
In a large bowl, beat the cream cheese and sugar on medium speed with an electric mixer until creamy. Beat in the eggs, 1 at a time, beating well after each addition. Beat in the vanilla and flour until just combined. Stir in the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sour-cream/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 sour cream}}. Pour the mixture over the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cookie/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cookie}} dough layer and bake for 1 hour. Remove from the oven and gently run a knife around the edges to release the crust from the sides of the pan. Let cool completely.\
For the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/ganache/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 ganache}}: Using a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/double-boiler/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 double boiler}}, combine the chocolate and cream and melt (or microwave on high in 30-second intervals, stirring after each, until the chocolate is melted and smooth, about 1 minute total). Spread over the cooled {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cheesecake/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cheesecake}}. Refrigerate for at least 8 hours before serving.\
}