{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red210\green0\blue102;\red94\green94\blue94;\red82\green82\blue82;
\red51\green51\blue51;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww21460\viewh20240\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl560\sa360\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs66 \cf2 Chocolate and Orange Cheesecake
\f1\i\fs42 \cf3 \uc0\u8232 Makes one (10") cheesecake\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa300\ql\qnatural

\f0\i0\fs50 \cf4 For the base\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl380\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\fs42 \cf4 		125g butter, very cold and cut into cubes\
		40g sugar\
		150g plain flour\
		10g cocoa powder\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa240\ql\qnatural
\cf4 Preheat the oven to 350\'b0F. Grease and line the base and sides of a 10" springform pan.\
Work the butter, sugar, flour, and cocoa with a food processor or your fingers until it resembles damp sand. Pour the mixture into the prepared pan and using your fingers or the back of a spoon press it firmly into the bottom of the pan. Bake for 40 minutes, then cool completely on a wire rack without removing it from the pan.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa300\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs50 \cf4 For the cheesecake batter\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl380\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\fs42 \cf4 		500g cream cheese, softened\
		70g butter, softened\
		3 tablespoons creme fraiche\
		125g sugar\
		Zest of one orange\
		1 1/2 tablespoons cornflour, sifted\
		3 eggs, seperated\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa240\ql\qnatural
\cf4 Preheat the oven to 160\'b0C (325\'b0F). Place a large toasting tray full of freshly boiled water on the lowest rack of the oven. Position another rack in the centre of the oven.\
Combine the cream cheese, butter, creme fraiche, sugar, orange zest, and cornflour in the bowl of an electric stand mixer. Beat on medium-low to combine, being careful not to incorporate too much air. Add the egg yolks on at a time beating until just combined between each addition. Set the cream cheese mixture aside.\
Beat the egg whites until stiff peaks form. Gently fold into the cream cheese mixture.\
Pour the batter over the prepared base. Wrap the springform pan tightly in aluminium foil. Place the springform pan on the middle rack of the oven and bake for 1 1/2 hours. When the time is elapsed, turn the oven off and open the door a crack. Allow the cake to cool in the oven for 30 minutes. Transfer the cake to a wire rack and cool to room temperature, then refrigerate it for a few hours or overnight.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa300\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs50 \cf4 For the chocolate topping\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl380\ql\qnatural
\ls3\ilvl0
\f1\fs42 \cf4 		185ml water\
		130g castor sugar\
		15g citruspectin\
		30g liquid glucose\
		75g 70% cocoachocolate, roughly chopped\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa240\ql\qnatural
\cf4 Heat the water in a small saucepan to 60\'b0C, add 25g of sugar and all the pectin, whisk continuously until the mixture comes to the boil.\
Add the glucose and remaining sugar, continue to whisk until the mixture once again comes to the boil and starts to thicken. Remove the saucepan from the heat and stir in the chocolate. Allow to cool for 5 minutes.\
Pour the chocolate mixture over the prepared cheesecake. Cool to room temperature then cover with cling wrap, being careful that it does not touch the surface, and refrigerate until set.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\ql\qnatural
\cf5 \
}