{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Cordon Rose Cheesecake\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\fs38 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs36 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}Packaged ladyfingers\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 (8-ounce) packages {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cream-cheese/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cream cheese}}, softened\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon cornstarch, optional\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 large eggs\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 tablespoons lemon juice, freshly squeezed\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 teaspoon salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 cups sour cream\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 to 5 cups strawberries, hulled\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup currant jelly\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/chambord/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Chambord}} or water\
{\listtext	\'95	}A 9-inch by 2 1/2-inch or higher {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/springform-pan/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 springform pan}}, greased, outside of the pan wrapped with a double layer of heavy-duty foil to prevent seepage. 1 (12-inch) {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cake-pans/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cake pan}} or roasting pan to serve as {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/water-bath/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 water bath}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs38 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs36 \cf0 Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Leave the ladyfingers attached and trim rounded bottoms so that you will have a ring of ladyfingers resembling a picket fence. Line the sides of the pan with the ladyfinger ring, rounded sides against the side of the pan. Add or trim if necessary to complete the ring. Line the bottom with more ladyfingers, rounded sides down, trimming as necessary to fill the spaces. Set aside. In a large mixing bowl, beat the cream cheese and sugar until very smooth (about 3 minutes), preferably with a whisk beater. Beat in the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cornstarch/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cornstarch}}. Beat in the eggs, beating until smooth and scraping down the sides once or twice. Add the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/lemon/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 lemon juice}} and salt and beat until incorporated. Beat in the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sour-cream/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 sour cream}} just until blended. (This can also be done in a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/food-processor/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 food processor}}). Pour the batter into the prepared pan. Set the pan in the larger pan and surround it with 1-inch of very hot water. Bake the cake in 350 degree oven for 45 minutes. After 25 minutes, cover loosely with foil to keep {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/ladyfinger/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 ladyfingers}} from over-browning. Turn off the oven without opening the door and let the cake cool for 1 hour. Remove it to a rack and cool to room temperature (about 1 hour). Cover with greased {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/plastic-wrap/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 plastic wrap}} and refrigerate overnight. To {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/unmold/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 unmold}}, wipe sides of pan several times with a towel run under hot water and wrung out. Arrange {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/strawberry/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 strawberries}} on top. If you have rinsed them, make sure they are thoroughly dry. In a small {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/saucepan/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 saucepan}} or microwave oven, heat the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/currant/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 currant}} jelly until melted and bubbling. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/strain/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Strain}} it into a small cup and stir in the Chambord or water. Brush it onto berries.}