{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red51\green51\blue51;\red102\green102\blue102;\red110\green195\blue47;
\red0\green10\blue208;\red132\green0\blue0;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid4}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13060\viewh11060\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa100\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs76 \cf2 Double Lemon Cheesecake
\b0\fs70 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\fs44 \cf3 yield
\f1\b\fs50 \cf0 :  
\b0 Serves 8
\b\fs44 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f2\b0\fs32 \cf0 \

\fs70 ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl380\sa240\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs58 \cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}12 ounces cream cheese, room temperature\cf4 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}3/4 cup sugar\cf4 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}2 eggs\cf4 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup fresh lemon juice\cf4 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon grated lemon peel\cf4 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon vanilla extract\cf4 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}Oreo Cookie Crust (see recipe below)\cf4 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl380\sa240\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}1 cup sour cream\cf4 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons sugar\cf4 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon vanilla extract\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl380\sa240\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf4  \cf2 \'95  Lemon Curd (see recipe below)\cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\fs70 \cf0 preparation\

\fs58 Butter a 9-inch spring form pan. Preheat oven to 350\'b0F. \
Prepare Oreo cookie crust.\
Blend first 6 ingredients in processor until smooth. Pour mixture into crust. Bake until cake filling is just set, about 35 minutes. Cool cheesecake slightly.\
Combine 1 cup sour cream, 2 tablespoons sugar and 1 teaspoon vanilla in small bowl. Spread mixture evenly over cheesecake. Bake 10 minutes. Cool. Refrigerate cake overnight. (Can be prepared 2 days ahead.) Cut into wedges and serve.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260\ql\qnatural

\f3\b\fs64 \cf0 Oreo Cookie Crust 
\b0\fs40 \cf5 \uc0\u8232 
\fs38 \cf6 Yields: 1 pie crust
\fs40 \cf5 \uc0\u8232 
\b \cf0 \uc0\u8232 
\fs50 Ingredients:
\b0\fs56 \

\fs50 24 whole Oreo cookies\uc0\u8232 1/4 cup melted unsalted butter\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\ql\qnatural

\fs56 \cf0 \uc0\u8232 
\b\fs50 Preparation:
\b0\fs56 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260\ql\qnatural

\fs50 \cf0 In a medium-sized bowl or a food processor, add the Oreo cookies and blend until the texture of coarse meal. Add the melted butter and blend until well combine.\
Place the ground crumb mixture into a 9- or 10-inch springform pan and press onto the bottom and up the sides evenly. Refrigerate the crust for at least an hour before you add the filling of your choice. \cf6 This will help prevent crumbling when you want to serve it.\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\fs36 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl600\ql\qnatural

\fs74 \cf0 Lemon Curd
\fs62 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
Ingredients
\fs54 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ri920\sa80\ql\qnatural
\ls3\ilvl0
\fs50 \cf0 		1/2 cup(s) lemon juice\
		6 egg yolks\
		1 cup(s) sugar\
		4 teaspoon(s) freshly grated lemon zest\
		1 stick(s) cold unsalted butter,\'a0cut into pieces
\f2\fs84 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li200\sa200\ql\qnatural

\f3\fs62 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl360\sa300\ql\qnatural
\ls4\ilvl0
\b\fs50 \cf0 	1.
\b0 Whisk together lemon juice, egg yolks, and sugar in a heavy, nonreactive 1- quart saucepan. Cook over medium-low heat, stirring constantly with a heatproof spatula or wooden spoon until mixture thickens and coats back of spoon, 5 to 10 minutes. (It should read 140 degrees on a candy or instant-read thermometer.)
\b \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl360\sa300\ql\qnatural
\ls4\ilvl0
\b0 \cf0 {\listtext	2.	}Remove saucepan from heat and strain mixture over a bowl. Stir in lemon zest and butter until butter completely melts. Cool slightly before using. \
{\listtext	3.	}Stir lemon curd until smooth (it should be the consistency of thick sour cream) and spread over surface of cheesecake. Cover springform with plastic wrap and refrigerate 8 hours or overnight. To unmold cake, place a hot towel around pan to loosen cake from sides. Run a butter knife around edges and remove outer part of pan.\
\pard\tx560\pardeftab720\sl360\sa300\ql\qnatural

\f2\fs84 \cf0 \

\fs58 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
}