{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13140\viewh17140\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl241\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs62 \cf0 Enchanted Irish Cheesecake
\fs48 \

\b0\fs40 Makes:  1 (10") cake
\b\fs38 \

\fs34  
\b0\fs36 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li80\fi-80\sl241\ql\qnatural

\b\fs50 \cf0 Ingredients: 
\b0 \
\'95 10 Twix Fun Size
\fs43  
\fs50 Bars \
\'95 1 1/4 cups ground chocolate graham crackers \
\'95 6 tablespoons butter \
\'95 2 tablespoons sugar \
\'95 12 Dove Promises Dark Chocolate Miniatures \
\'95 3 bars (8-oz each) cream cheese, softened \
\'95 3/4 cup sugar \
\'95 1/4 cup heavy cream \
\'95 3 eggs \
\'95 2 teaspoons espresso powder \
\pard\pardeftab720\li80\sl241\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \'95 2 teaspoons vanilla extract \
\'95 2 Dove Promises
\fs43  
\fs50 Milk Chocolate Miniatures \
\'95 2 cups whipped topping \
\pard\pardeftab720\li80\sl241\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 Special Utensils \'96 
\b0 \
\'95 1 8-inch spring form pan \
\'95 Foil \
\'95 Re-sealable plastic bag \
\pard\pardeftab720

\fs58 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl241\ql\qnatural

\b\fs50 \cf0 Directions: 
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl241\sb80\ql\qnatural
\cf0 For crust: Process Twix
\fs43  
\fs50 Brand Fun Size
\fs43  
\fs50 Bars with graham cracker crumbs in food processor until finely ground. Blend in butter and sugar. Press mixture around bottom and sides of a foil-lined bottom spring-form pan. Bake in a preheated 350 degree oven until fragrant, about 7-10 minutes. \
For filling: Beat cream cheese with sugar until smooth, about 3 minutes. Meantime, melt Dove
\fs43  
\fs50 Promises
\fs43  
\fs50 Dark Chocolate Miniatures with heavy cream in microwave until smooth, about 30 seconds. Add it into cream cheese mixture. Add eggs, one at time, beating well after each addition. Stir in espresso powder and vanilla extract. \
Pour mixture over crust. Bake in preheated 350-degree oven for approximately 30 minutes, reduce heat to 300 degrees and continue baking until center is almost set, about 20-30 minutes. Remove and cool completely before refrigerating cake for 4 hours. \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl161\sb80\ql\qnatural
\cf0 For topping: Before serving, spoon whipped topping into a resealable plastic bag with a 1/2- inch corner snipped off. Pipe rosettes around edge of cake. 
\fs58 \

\fs50 Using a hand grater, grate 2 Dove
\fs43  
\fs50 Promises
\fs43  
\fs50 Milk Chocolate Miniatures, sprinkling the gratings over whipped topping and cake. \
}