{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red34\green34\blue34;\red94\green90\blue87;\red47\green47\blue47;
}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl740\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs74 \cf2 Gingerbread Cheesecake
\fs26 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl220\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs22 \cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl220\ql\qnatural

\b\fs26 \cf2 Yield\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl220\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf3 Serves 10\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl460\sa200\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs58 \cf2 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\sa120\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\fs42 \cf3 		All-purpose flour, for dusting\
		1 recipe of Gingersnap Crust (recipe below)\
		1 3/4 cups granulated sugar\
		2 pounds cream cheese, room temperature\
		1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract\
		4 large eggs, room temperature\
		1/4 cup unsulfured molasses\
		1/4 teaspoon salt\
		1 1/2 teaspoons ground ginger\
		1 teaspoon ground cinnamon\
		1 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg\
		1/4 teaspoon ground cloves\
		1/2 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest\
		6 gingerbread men (see above)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl460\sa200\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs58 \cf2 Directions\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\sa320\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\fs42 \cf3 {\listtext	.	}Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Wrap exterior of a 9-inch springform pan in 2 layers of foil.\
		Make Gingersnap Crust recipe. Press mixture firmly and evenly into bottom and one-third of the way up sides of prepared pan. Bake until set, about 10 minutes. Let cool on rack.\
		Preheat oven temperature to 325 degrees. Beat cream cheese with a mixer on medium speed until fluffy, about 3 minutes. Beat in remaining 1 1/2 cups sugar and the vanilla, scraping down sides of bowl as needed. Reduce speed to low. Add eggs, 1 at a time, beating well after each addition and scraping sides of bowl as needed. Beat in molasses, salt, spices, and lemon zest. Pour filling into cooled crust.\
{\listtext	.	}Place cheesecake in a large, shallow roasting pan. Transfer to oven, and carefully add enough hot water to roasting pan to come about halfway up sides of springform pan. Bake until cheesecake is set but still slightly wobbly in center, 60 to 65 minutes. Carefully remove springform pan from roasting pan, and let cool on a wire rack. Refrigerate, uncovered, for at least 8 hours (preferably overnight).\
{\listtext	.	}Before serving, run a hot knife around edges of cheesecake to loosen, and remove sides of pan. Arrange gingerbread cookies in center of cake in a circle (with heads facing inward and arms touching, alternating light and dark).\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f2\b\fs56 \cf0 Gingersnap Crust
\fs46 \
\
Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs44 \cf0 {\listtext	.	}30 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/gingersnap/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 gingersnap}} cookies\
{\listtext	.	}1/4 cup sweetened shredded coconut\
{\listtext	.	}5 tablespoons melted butter\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 Process the gingersnaps in a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/food-processor/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 food processor}} until fine. Add to a bowl along with the coconut and melted butter; toss until combined. Press firmly to the bottom and up the sides of a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/deep-dish/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 deep-dish}} 9-inch pie pan. Bake at 350 degrees for 10 minutes and let cool completely.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\sa320\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\fs42 \cf3 		\
}