{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs54 \cf0 Hazelnut Liqueur Cheesecake\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs34 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 8 servings\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Chocolate Crust:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs46 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}2 cups chocolate wafer cookie crumbs\
{\listtext	\'95	}3/4 stick butter, melted, plus more for greasing\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 Filling:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs46 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}32 ounces cream cheese\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 eggs\
{\listtext	\'95	}2/3 cup sour cream\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup hazelnut liqueur\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 Garnish:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls3\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs46 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}Chocolate drizzles\
{\listtext	\'95	}Hazelnuts dipped in chocolate\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs46 \cf0 For the crust: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Combine the cookie crumbs and melted butter. Stir well to combine. Press the mixture into the bottom of a 9-inch springform pan. Bake for 12 to 15 minutes. Allow to cool slightly, and then butter the sides of the springform pan for the cheesecake mixture.\
For the filling: In a stand mixer, beat the cream cheese. Scrape down the sides of the bowl several times. Add in the sugar and beat it some more; scraping down the sides once or twice. Add the eggs in one at a time, mixing in between each addition, until thoroughly combined. Mix in the sour cream on slow speed while pouring the hazelnut liqueur into the bowl in a slow stream.\
Wrap the bottom of the springform pan with aluminum foil. Scrape the filling onto the chocolate crust in the pan. Wrap the outside of the pan in 3 layers of heavy-duty aluminum foil and put in a larger pan. Add enough hot water to the outer pan to come up halfway. Bake for 1 hour. The cheesecake should be set around the edges but still a little jiggly in the middle.\
Allow to set up overnight. Run a thin knife around the edge and open the springform pan. Decorate the top of the cheesecake with chocolate drizzles and hazelnuts dipped in chocolate.\
\
}