{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red223\green72\blue28;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13060\viewh17520\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs22 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl20\sa320\ql\qnatural

\fs2 \cf0 Lemon Jewel Cheesecak
\b\fs52 Lemon Jewel Cheesecake
\b0\fs24 \

\fs2 Lemon Jewel Cheese
\f1\b\fs30 16 servings
\f0\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li300\ri1020\sl360\ql\qnatural

\b\fs46 \cf0 Crust\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural
\cf2 1 3/4 cups
\b0\fs44 \cf0  finely crushed graham cracker crumbs
\fs42 \

\b\fs46 \cf2 1/3 cup
\b0\fs44 \cf0  butter, melted
\fs42 \

\b\fs46 \cf2 1/4 cup
\b0\fs44 \cf0  sugar
\fs42 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li300\ri1020\sl360\ql\qnatural

\b\fs46 \cf0 Filling\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural
\cf2 3 (8-ounce) packages
\b0\fs44 \cf0  cream cheese, softened
\fs42 \

\b\fs46 \cf2 1 cup
\b0\fs44 \cf0  sugar
\fs42 \

\b\fs46 \cf2 2 teaspoons
\b0\fs44 \cf0  freshly grated lemon zest
\fs42 \

\b\fs46 \cf2 4
\b0\fs42 \cf0  eggs\

\b\fs46 \cf2 1 (15.75-ounce) can 
\b0\fs44 \cf0 lemon pie filling, divided
\fs42 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li300\ri1020\sl360\ql\qnatural

\b\fs46 \cf0 Topping\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural
\cf2 1/3 cup
\b0\fs44 \cf0  whipping cream
\fs42 \

\b\fs46 \cf2 1 (3-ounce) package 
\b0\fs44 \cf0 cream cheese, softened
\fs42 \

\b\fs46 \cf2 1 tablespoon
\b0\fs44 \cf0  powdered sugar
\fs42 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li300\ri1020\sl360\ql\qnatural

\b\fs46 \cf0 Garnish\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs44 \cf0 Lemon jelly fruit candy slices, if desired\
Fresh raspberries, if desired\
Mint leaves, if desired
\fs42 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl20\ql\qnatural

\b\fs20 \cf0 Directions
\fs62 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa240\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs42 \cf0 Heat oven to 325\'b0F. Combine graham cracker crumbs, butter and sugar in medium bowl; mix well. Press mixture onto bottom and up sides of 9- or 10-inch ungreased springform pan. Set aside. \uc0\u8232 \u8232 Combine 3 (8-ounce) packages cream cheese, sugar and lemon zest in large bowl. Beat at medium speed until very creamy. Reduce speed to low; add 
\i 1 
\i0 egg
\i  
\i0 at a time, beating after each addition just until blended. Pour mixture over crust. Drop 
\i 1 cup
\i0  lemon pie filling by tablespoonfuls over mixture. Gently swirl with knife.\
Bake for 60 to 75 minutes or until edges are golden brown and center is just set. Cool 5 minutes. Loosen sides of cheesecake from pan by running knife around inside of pan. Cool completely in pan (4 hours).\'a0 Remove sides of pan.\
Beat whipping cream in medium bowl until stiff peaks form; set aside. Combine 3-ounce package cream cheese, powdered sugar and remaining pie filling in another medium bowl. Beat at medium speed until creamy. Gently stir in whipped cream. Spread over top of cooled cheesecake. Refrigerate until chilled (at least 4 hours).\
}