{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red34\green34\blue34;\red94\green90\blue87;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16180\viewh19020\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl740\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs74 \cf2 Margarita Cheesecake
\fs26 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl460\sa200\ql\qnatural

\fs58 \cf2 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl220\sa100\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b\fs40 \cf2 		For The Crust
\b0\fs42 \cf3 \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sl320\sa120\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl1\cf3 		4 ounces salted pretzels\
		1/3 cup sugar\
		4 tablespoons butter, melted\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\sa120\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf3 		\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl220\sa100\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs40 \cf2 		For The Filling
\b0\fs42 \cf3 \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sl320\sa120\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl1\cf3 		3 packages (8 ounces each) cream cheese\
		1 cup sour cream\
		3/4 cup sugar\
		2 tablespoons Grand Marnier or Triple Sec\
		1 tablespoon tequila\
		1 tablespoon grated lime zest\
		4 large eggs\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\sa120\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf3 		\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl460\sa200\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs58 \cf2 Directions\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\sa320\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\fs42 \cf3 {\listtext	.	}Make crust: Preheat oven to 375 degrees with rack in center. Make the crust: Butter a 9 1/2 inch springform pan; set aside. In a food processor, pulse pretzels to fine crumbs. Add sugar and butter; process until combined.\
{\listtext	.	}Press evenly into bottom and slightly up sides (about 1 inch) of a 9-inch nonstick springform pan. Place on a baking sheet. Bake until light golden brown, 5 to 7 minutes. Set aside to cool.\
{\listtext	.	}Reduce oven temperature to 325 degrees. Prepare filling: With an electric mixer, beat cream cheese until light and fluffy, scraping down sides of bowl as needed, about 1 minute. Mix in sour cream, sugar, Grand Marnier, tequila, and lime zest; beat until smooth. Add eggs, one at a time, beating to combine after each addition.\
{\listtext	.	}Pour into cooled crust (filling will come up higher than crust). Line outside of pan with aluminum foil (to prevent water from seeping in). Place in a roasting pan. Pour hot water to come halfway up sides of springform pan. Bake until set and slightly firm to the touch, about 1 hour. Remove from water bath, and let cool on a wire rack; refrigerate until chilled, about 4 hours. Run a hot knife around edge of pan to release.\
}