{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red84\green84\blue84;\red51\green51\blue51;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid4}
{\list\listtemplateid5\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid5}
{\list\listtemplateid6\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid6}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}{\listoverride\listid5\listoverridecount0\ls5}{\listoverride\listid6\listoverridecount0\ls6}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12920\viewh15300\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl520\sa80\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs70 \cf0 No-Bake Strawberry Cheesecake\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\fs42 \cf2 Yield:  \cf0 One 8 or 9-inch cheesecake\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\ql\qnatural

\fs56 \cf0 INGREDIENTS\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs52 \cf0 CRUST:
\b0 \
{\listtext	\'95	}7 whole graham crackers\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons nutella\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons brown sugar\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}pinch salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons cocoa powder\
\ls2\ilvl0
\b STRAWBERRY TOPPING:
\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls3\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 pound fresh or frozen strawberries, washed and stemmed\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 vanilla bean\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls4\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 envelope unflavored gelatin\
\ls4\ilvl0
\b CHEESECAKE:
\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls5\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 pound cream cheese, softened\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup confectioners' sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon vanilla extract\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/4 cups strawberry topping (see above)\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls6\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup heavy cream\
{\listtext	\'95	}Fresh strawberries for garnish\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\ql\qnatural

\b\fs56 \cf0 DIRECTIONS\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa160\ql\qnatural

\fs52 \cf3 Prepare the crust: 
\b0 \uc0\u8232 In a food processor grind the graham crackers until they are broken into a fine powder. Add the butter, nutella, brown sugar, salt and cocoa powder and process until it is all well incorporated. You may have to scrape down the sides of the bowl a few times. \u8232 Press the crust evenly into the bottom of an 8 or 9-inch spring form pan. It should come up the sides slightly. \u8232 Prepare the Strawberry topping: \u8232 In a saucepot add the strawberries, sugar, and 2 tablespoons of water. Cook over medium heat until the strawberries are quite soft. Use an immersion blender to puree the fruit. (You can also do this by pouring the strawberries into a regular blender, then return to the pot to finish cooking.) \u8232 Sprinkle the gelatin over 2 tablespoons of cold water in a small bowl. Allow it to sit for about 1 to 2 minutes. \u8232 Transfer the gelatin to the strawberries and gently cook over low heat. \u8232 Whisking just until the gelatin is completely dissolved. Remove from heat. Reserve 3/4 cup of the strawberry mixture for the top layer of the cake. \u8232 To make the cheesecake: \u8232 In a stand mixer beat the cream cheese and sugar on medium-low speed, using the paddle attachment, until smooth. Add the vanilla extract. Add the strawberry topping, except the 3/4 cup you have reserved for the top layer. \u8232 In a separate bowl whip the heavy cream until medium peaks. \u8232 Fold the whipped cream into the strawberry cheesecake batter. \u8232 Gently folding just until it is all combined. \u8232 Pour the cheesecake into the prepared pan. Tap the pan gently on the counter to bring any air bubbles to the surface. Let it sit, uncovered, in the refrigerator for about 2 hours or until it is set to the touch. \u8232 Once the cheesecake is set, pour the remaining 3/4 cup strawberry topping over it. If the topping has set up in the pot, gently heat it for a minute, just until it is pourable. \u8232 Place the cheesecake back into the refrigerator and allow to set, uncovered, for another 30 minutes, or until the topping is set. At this point it is ready to serve or you can cover the cheesecake with plastic and it can sit in the refrigerator for 24 hours. \u8232 Before unlocking the spring form pan, run a knife around the edge of the cheesecake to loosen it. \u8232 Top with the fresh strawberries \u8232 }