{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red34\green34\blue34;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww21740\viewh19900\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\sa280\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs54 \cf0 No-Bake Cherry Cheesecake
\b0 \

\f1\b\fs38 Yield 
\b0\fs40 Makes one 9-inch cake\uc0\u8232 Serves 10\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa260\ql\qnatural

\f2\fs52 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl220\sa60\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b\fs42 \cf2 		For The Crust
\f1\b0\fs44 \cf0 \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sl320\sa120\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl1\cf0 		Vegetable oil cooking spray, for pan\
		1 1/3 cups vanilla wafer or shortbread cookies, finely ground (6 ounces)\
		2 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted\
		2 tablespoons sugar\
		1/8 teaspoon ground cinnamon\
		Salt\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\sa120\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 		\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl220\sa60\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b\fs42 \cf2 		For The Filling
\f1\b0\fs44 \cf0 \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sl320\sa120\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl1\cf0 		1 cup sour cream, room temperature\
		2/3 cup sugar\
		4 ounces mascarpone cheese (1/2 cup), room temperature\
		4 ounces cream cheese (1/2 cup), room temperature\
		2 ounces soft fresh goat cheese (1/4 cup), room temperature\
		1 vanilla bean, split and scraped, pod reserved for another use (or 3/4 teaspoon pure vanilla extract)\
		1/4 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest\
		1 cup heavy cream\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\sa120\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 		\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl220\sa60\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b\fs42 \cf2 		For The Topping
\f1\b0\fs44 \cf0 \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sl320\sa120\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl1\cf0 		1 pound sweet cherries, halved and pitted (3 cups)\
		1/3 cup sugar\
		2 teaspoons balsamic vinegar\
		1/2 cinnamon stick\
		1 tablespoon cornstarch\
		1 tablespoon water\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\sa120\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 		\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa260\ql\qnatural

\f2\fs52 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\sa360\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\fs44 \cf0 {\listtext	1.	}Make the crust: Coat a 9-inch springform pan with cooking spray; line bottom with a round of parchment. Stir together cookies, butter, sugar, ground cinnamon, and a pinch of salt; press evenly into bottom of pan. Refrigerate while making filling.\
{\listtext	2.	}Make the filling: Beat sour cream, 1/3 cup sugar, the cheeses, vanilla seeds or extract, and lemon zest with a mixer on medium speed until very smooth, about 4 minutes. Pass mixture through a fine sieve into a large bowl. Whisk heavy cream and remaining 1/3 cup sugar until medium peaks form; fold into filling mixture, and spread evenly onto crust. Smooth top, and freeze until firm, at least 2 hours. Refrigerate for 45 minutes before serving.\
{\listtext	3.	}Make the topping: Bring half the cherries, and the sugar, vinegar, and cinnamon stick to a simmer in a small saucepan. Cook, covered, for 5 minutes. Uncover, and simmer until cherries are soft, about 3 minutes. Whisk together cornstarch and water; add to cherry mixture. Simmer for 1 minute. Remove from heat, and stir in remaining cherries. Refrigerate until ready to use.\
{\listtext	4.	}Run a knife around edge of cake; release sides to remove from pan, and transfer cake to a serving platter. Remove cinnamon stick from topping; spoon over cake.}