{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red51\green51\blue51;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14560\viewh17720\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f0\i\b\fs54 \cf2 Gianduja \'96 Nutella Cheesecake with Nutella Ganache Topping
\f1\i0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f0\b0\fs42 \cf2 makes one 9-inch cheesecake\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
\cf2 \ul \ulc2 \

\fs52 For the crust:
\f1\fs46 \ulnone \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs52 \cf2 1 1/2 cups ground chocolate cookies
\f1\fs46 \

\f0\fs52 3 tablespoons granulated sugar
\f1\fs46 \

\f0\fs52 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted
\f1\fs46 \

\f0\fs52 \'a0
\f1\fs46 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs52 \cf2 \ul For the filling:
\f1\fs46 \ulnone \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs52 \cf2 1 3/4 pounds (3 1/2 eight-ounce packages) cream cheese, room temperature
\f1\fs46 \

\f0\fs52 3/4 cup Nutella
\f1\fs46 \

\f0\fs52 3/4 cup granulated sugar
\f1\fs46 \

\f0\fs52 2 teaspoons vanilla extract
\f1\fs46 \

\f0\fs52 1/2 cup heavy cream
\f1\fs46 \

\f0\fs52 9 ounces gianduja, melted
\f1\fs46 \

\f0\fs52 2 eggs, at room temperature
\f1\fs46 \

\f0\fs52 2 egg yolks, at room temperature
\f1\fs46 \

\f0\fs52 \'a0
\f1\fs46 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs52 \cf2 \ul For the Nutella Ganache Topping:
\f1\fs46 \ulnone \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs52 \cf2 8 ounces Nutella
\f1\fs46 \

\f0\fs52 3/4 cup heavy cream
\f1\fs46 \

\f0\fs52 \'a0
\f1\fs46 \

\f0\b\fs52 Directions\'a0\'a0
\f1\b0\fs46 \

\f0\fs52 Preheat oven to 375\'baF and butter the bottom of a 9-inch spring form pan
\f1\fs46 \

\f0\fs52 \'a0\'a0\'a0
\f1\fs46 \

\f0\fs52 Mix together the cookie crumbs, sugar and melted butter.\'a0 Press into the spring form pan, going up the side of the pan\'a0no more than\'a01/4 inch. \'a0Bake 8-10 minutes.\'a0 Cool completely.
\f1\fs46 \

\f0\fs52 \'a0\'a0
\f1\fs46 \

\f0\fs52 Decrease oven temperature to 325\'baF
\f1\fs46 \

\f0\fs52 \'a0
\f1\fs46 \

\f0\fs52 In a stand mixer, cream the cream cheese and nutella until it\'92s smooth.\'a0 Add the sugar and mix together.\'a0 Add the vanilla extract and heavy cream and stir until combined.\'a0 Add the melted chocolate and mix together.\'a0 (It is important that the chocolate\'a0is not hot and the cream cheese mixture is at room temperature, so the chocolate blends in smoothly).\'a0 Add the eggs and yolks one at a time; mix each in before adding the next. \'a0
\f1\fs46 \

\f0\fs52 \'a0
\f1\fs46 \

\f0\fs52 Wrap two layers of aluminum foil around the sides of the spring form pan.\'a0 Pour the cheesecake filling into the pan on top of the cooled crust.\'a0 Bake in a water bath for 60-75 minutes.\'a0 The outer edges should be set and the center will still jiggle a little when you move it.\'a0 (The cake continues cooking after it\'92s removed from the oven.)\'a0 Cool for 30 minutes, then remove the spring form rim.\'a0 Cool completely, then place into the refrigerator for at least 8 hours, overnight is best.\'a0
\f1\fs46 \
\'a0\

\f0\fs52 To make the Nutella Ganache, heat over low heat or a double boiler the Nutella and cream until the mixture has become one.\'a0 Cool for about 15 minutes (it should be easy to\'a0 spread but not runny) and spread onto the cooled cheesecake.\'a0 Garnish the edges with chopped hazelnuts.\'a0 Buon Appetito!
\f1\fs46 \
\'a0\

\f0 \'a0}