{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red121\green95\blue66;\red97\green63\blue23;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16420\viewh17880\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260\sa480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs58 \cf2 Pumpkin Toffee Cheesecake
\fs38 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs28 \cf0 Yields:  
\b0 16 servings\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260\sa320\ql\qnatural

\fs50 \cf3 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl300\sa120\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs42 \cf0 		CRUST\
		1 3/4 cups (about 14 to 16) shortbread cookies, crushed\
		1 tablespoon butter or margarine, melted\
		CHEESECAKE\
		3 pkgs. (8 oz. 
\i each
\i0 ) cream cheese, softened\
		1 1/4 cups packed brown sugar\
		1 can (15 oz.) pure pumpkin\
		2/3 cup (5 fl.-oz. can) evaporated milk\
		2 large eggs\
		2 tablespoons cornstarch\
		1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon\
		1 cup (about 25 to 30) crushed toffee candies\
		TOPPING\
		1 container (8 oz.) sour cream, at room temperature\
		2 tablespoons granulated sugar\
		1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract\
		Caramel ice cream topping (optional)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260\sa320\ql\qnatural

\fs50 \cf3 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260\ql\qnatural

\fs42 \cf0 Preheat oven to 350\'b0 F. \
\

\b CRUST:\

\b0 Combine cookie crumbs and butter in small bowl. Press onto bottom and 1-inch up side of 9-inch springform pan. \
\
Bake for 6 to 8 minutes (do not allow to brown). Cool on wire rack for 10 minutes. \
\

\b CHEESECAKE:\

\b0 Beat cream cheese and brown sugar in large mixer bowl until creamy. Add pumpkin, evaporated milk, eggs, cornstarch and cinnamon; beat well. Pour into crust.\
\
Bake for 60 to 65 minutes or until edge is set but center still moves slightly. Remove from oven; top with toffee candy pieces.\
\

\b TOPPING:\

\b0 Combine sour cream, granulated sugar and vanilla extract in small bowl; mix well. Spread over warm cheesecake. \
\
Bake for 8 minutes. Cool completely in pan on wire rack. Refrigerate for several hours or overnight. Remove side of springform pan. Drizzle with caramel topping before serving.\
}