{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red34\green34\blue34;\red94\green90\blue87;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13020\viewh11820\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl740\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs74 \cf2 Pumpkin Cheesecake I
\fs26 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl220\ql\qnatural

\f1\b \cf2 Yield\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl220\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf3 Serves 12\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl460\sa200\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs58 \cf2 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl220\sa100\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b\fs40 \cf2 		For The Crust
\b0\fs42 \cf3 \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sl320\sa120\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl1\cf3 		1 1/4 cups graham-cracker crumbs (from 10 whole crackers)\
		1/4 cup sugar\
		4 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\sa120\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf3 		\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl220\sa100\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs40 \cf2 		For The Filling
\b0\fs42 \cf3 \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sl320\sa120\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl1\cf3 		4 packages (8 ounces each) bar cream cheese, very soft\
		1 1/4 cups sugar\
		3 tablespoons all-purpose flour\
		1 cup canned pumpkin puree\
		2 tablespoons pumpkin-pie spice\
		1 tablespoon vanilla extract\
		1/2 teaspoon salt\
		4 large eggs, room temperature\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\sa120\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf3 		\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl460\sa200\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs58 \cf2 Directions\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\sa320\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\fs42 \cf3 {\listtext	.	}Preheat oven to 350 degrees, with rack in center. Assemble a 9-inch nonstick springform pan, with the raised side of the bottom part facing up.\
{\listtext	.	}Make the crust: In a medium bowl, mix cracker crumbs, sugar, and butter until moistened; press firmly into bottom of pan. Bake until golden around edges, 10 to 12 minutes.\
{\listtext	.	}Make the filling: With an electric mixer, beat cream cheese and sugar on low speed until smooth; mix in flour (do not overmix). Add pumpkin puree, pie spice, vanilla, and salt; mix just until smooth. Add eggs one at a time, mixing until each is incorporated before adding the next.\
{\listtext	.	}Place springform pan on a rimmed baking sheet. Pour filling into springform, and gently smooth top. Transfer to oven; reduce oven heat to 300 degrees. Bake 45 minutes. Turn off oven; let cheesecake stay in oven 2 hours more (without opening).\
{\listtext	.	}Remove from oven; cool completely. Cover with plastic wrap; refrigerate until firm, at least 4 hours. Unmold before serving.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl460\sa320\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs58 \cf2 Cook's Note\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs42 \cf3 To make the crumbs for the crust, pulse graham crackers in a food processor until finely ground. Or, if you prefer, substitute the same amount of packaged graham-cracker crumbs.\
}