{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13780\viewh14800\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs50 \cf0 Seriously Chocolate Cheesecake\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs30 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 9-inch cheesecake, about 12 servings \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs34 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural

\fs40 \cf0 Crust:
\fs58 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/graham-cracker/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 graham cracker}} crumbs\
{\listtext	\'95	}3/4 cup finely ground chocolate sandwich cookies (recommended: Oreo)\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 tablespoons (1/2 stick) unsalted butter, melted\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sugar/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 sugar}}\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs40 \cf0 Filling:
\fs58 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}6 ounces semisweet chocolate\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 1/2 pounds cream cheese, softened\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 cups sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/extracts/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 vanilla extract}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon unsweetened {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cocoa-powder/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cocoa powder}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 large eggs\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup sour cream\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 (1 1/2-ounce) {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/milk/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 milk}} chocolate bar
\f0\b\fs44 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0  Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Place oven rack in the center position.\
In a food processor, combine all the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/crust/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 crust}} ingredients and mix until well combined. Press the cookie mixture into the bottom of a 9-inch {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/springform-pan/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 springform pan}}. Bake the crust until fragrant and just set, about 8 to 10 minutes. Remove from the oven and cool for at least 15 minutes.\
Lower the oven temperature to 350 degrees F.
\f0\b\fs44 \

\f1\b0\fs42 Place semisweet chocolate in a heat-{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/proof/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 proof}} glass bowl over simmering water. Stir until it is completely melted and smooth. Set aside.\
Place the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cream-cheese/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cream cheese}}, sugar, and vanilla extract in the bowl of an electric {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/mixer/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 mixer}}, beat until creamy and smooth, about 4 minutes. Turn the mixer off and scrape down the sides of the bowl with a rubber spatula. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sift/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Sift}} the cocoa powder into the cream cheese mixture and beat to incorporate. \
Add the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/eggs/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 eggs}} 1 at a time, beating well after each addition.  Add the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sour-cream/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 sour cream}} and cooled melted chocolate and beat until smooth. Using a rubber spatula, transfer the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/batter/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 batter}} to the prepared pan with the baked crust.\
Bake at 350 degrees F until the cake rises and puffs and the center is just set and still slightly wiggly, about 1 hour and 10 minutes. Remove from the oven and place on a wire rack to cool.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/grate/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Grate}} the chocolate bar and sprinkle the shavings over the top of the cheesecake while it's still hot.\
Let the cheesecake cool for 1 hour. Cover the cheesecake with {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/plastic-wrap/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 plastic wrap}} and refrigerate at least 4 hours or overnight before serving.\
}