{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red34\green34\blue34;\red94\green90\blue87;\red62\green128\blue141;
}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid4}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl740\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs74 \cf2 Spiderweb Cheesecake
\f1\b\fs22 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl220\ql\qnatural

\fs26 \cf2 Yield\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl220\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf3 Serves 12 to 14\

\fs40 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl460\sa200\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs58 \cf2 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl220\sa100\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b\fs40 \cf2 		For The Crust
\b0\fs42 \cf3 \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sl320\sa120\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl1\cf3 		Vegetable oil, cooking spray\
		18 ounces chocolate wafers (about 90), finely ground (4 1/2 cups)\
		1/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons sugar\
		6 ounces (1 1/2 sticks) unsalted butter, melted\
		1 teaspoon coarse salt\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\sa120\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf3 		\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl220\sa100\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs40 \cf2 		For The Ganache
\b0\fs42 \cf3 \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sl320\sa120\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl1\cf3 		4 ounces bittersweet chocolate (preferably 61 percent), finely chopped\
		1/2 cup heavy cream\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\sa120\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf3 		\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl220\sa100\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs40 \cf2 		For The Filling
\b0\fs42 \cf3 \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sl320\sa120\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl1\cf3 		32 ounces cream cheese, softened\
		1 1/2 cups sugar\
		1/4 teaspoon coarse salt\
		3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice\
		1 1/2 cups heavy cream, cold\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sl320\sa120\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl1\cf4 		{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.marthastewart.com/284294/candy-spiders"}}{\fldrslt Candy Spiders}}\cf3 , optional (recipe below)\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\sa120\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf3 		\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl460\sa200\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs58 \cf2 Directions\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\sa320\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\fs42 \cf3 {\listtext	.	}Make the crust: Coat a 10-inch springform pan with cooking spray. Mix wafers, sugar, butter, and salt in a medium bowl. Pat mixture into pan, pressing firmly into bottom and all the way up sides. Cover, and refrigerate until ready to fill.\
{\listtext	.	}Make the ganache: Place chocolate in a food processor. Bring cream to a simmer in a small saucepan, then pour over chocolate. When chocolate begins to melt, process until smooth. Reserve 2 tablespoons ganache for decorating, and spread the remainder evenly on bottom and all the way up sides of crust. Cover, and refrigerate until ready to fill.\
{\listtext	.	}Make the filling: Beat cream cheese with a mixer on medium speed until fluffy, about 3 minutes. Reduce speed to low, and slowly add sugar and salt. Raise speed to medium-high, and beat until very fluffy, about 3 minutes. Beat in lemon juice.\
{\listtext	.	}Whisk cream until medium-stiff peaks form. Whisk 1/4 of the whipped cream into cream cheese mixture, then fold in remaining whipped cream. Pour filling into crust, and spread evenly. Gently tap bottom of pan on counter to release air bubbles.\
{\listtext	.	}Transfer reserved ganache to a pastry bag fitted with a 1/4-inch round tip. Starting in the center of the cheesecake, pipe a spiral, spacing lines about 1/2 inch apart. Pull the tip of a paring knife in a gently curved line from the center of the spiral to outer edge. Wipe knife clean, and repeat every inch or so to form a web.\
{\listtext	.	}Cover, and freeze for at least 1 hour or overnight. Unmold cheesecake, garnish with candy spiders if desired, and serve immediately.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl740\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs74 \cf2 Candy Spiders
\f1\fs24 \cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl460\sa200\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs58 \cf2 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\sa120\ql\qnatural
\ls3\ilvl0
\f1\fs42 \cf3 		8 large black gumdrops\
		8 Crows black licorice drops\
		16 white nonpareils\
		8 black licorice laces, cut into 2 1/2-inch pieces\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl460\sa200\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs58 \cf2 Directions\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\sa320\ql\qnatural
\ls4\ilvl0
\f1\fs42 \cf3 {\listtext	.	}Cut a sliver off top of each gumdrop to expose sticky interior. Repeat with black licorice drops. Gently press cut side of 1 gumdrop (body) onto cut side of 1 black licorice drop (head). Repeat.\
{\listtext	.	}Using a skewer, poke 2 shallow holes into each licorice-drop head for eyes, and poke 8 shallow holes (4 on each side) into each gumdrop body for legs. Gently press 1 nonpareil into each eye hole. Cut a small slit in the midpoint of each licorice lace, being careful not to cut all the way through, to create joints on legs. Insert 1 licorice leg into each hole in body.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl460\sa320\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs58 \cf2 Cook's Note\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs42 \cf3 Gumdrops from Economy Candy, economycandy.com. Crows licorice-flavored gumdrops from amazon.com. White nonpareils (No. 78-340W) from Sugarcraft, sugarcraft.com. Black licorice laces (HD24A) from Licorice International, licoriceinternational.com.\
}