{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red34\green34\blue34;\red94\green90\blue87;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs74 \cf2 Strawberries-and-Cream Cheesecake
\f1\fs24 \cf3 	.	\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl220\ql\qnatural

\b\fs26 \cf2 Yield\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl220\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf3 Serves 8 to 10
\f0\fs30 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl460\sa200\ql\qnatural

\fs58 \cf2 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\sa120\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\fs42 \cf3 		1 pound strawberries, hulled\
		3 tablespoons light corn syrup\
		1 cup finely ground graham crackers (about 4 sheets)\
		1 cup plus 3 tablespoons sugar\
		3 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted\
		1 pound plus 13 ounces cream cheese, room temperature\
		1/4 teaspoon salt\
		2 large eggs, room temperature\
		1 vanilla bean, seeds scraped and reserved\
		8 1/4 ounces mascarpone cheese, room temperature\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl460\sa200\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs58 \cf2 Directions\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\sa320\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\fs42 \cf3 {\listtext	.	}Preheat oven to 300 degrees. Place strawberries in a single layer on a rimmed baking sheet. Drizzle with corn syrup, and toss gently to coat. Bake until syrup thickens and strawberries turn deep red and shrink slightly, about 1 hour 30 minutes. Transfer strawberries and syrup to a medium bowl, and mash with a potato masher. Let cool completely. \
{\listtext	.	}Raise oven temperature to 350 degrees. Stir together graham cracker crumbs, 3 tablespoons sugar, and the melted butter in a small bowl. Press mixture into the bottom of a 9-inch springform pan to make an even layer. Bake until crust is firm to the touch and has just darkened, about 10 minutes. Transfer pan to a wire rack, and let crust cool completely.\
{\listtext	.	}Reduce oven temperature to 325 degrees. Put cream cheese into the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment; mix on medium-low speed until creamy, about 2 minutes. Scrape down sides of bowl, then gradually add remaining cup sugar and the salt. Scrape down sides of bowl; add eggs, 1 at a time, mixing well after each addition. Scrape down sides of bowl, and mix in vanilla bean seeds and mascarpone until very creamy and no lumps remain, about 3 minutes. (Reserve vanilla bean for another use.)\
{\listtext	.	}Transfer 5 cups cream cheese mixture to bowl with mashed strawberries; stir to combine. Pour strawberry-cream cheese mixture on top of crust; smooth with an offset spatula. Carefully spoon dollops of plain cream cheese mixture on top, smoothing with an offset spatula. \
{\listtext	.	}Wrap the exterior of the springform pan in 2 layers of foil; set in a large roasting pan. Fill roasting pan with boiling water until water reaches halfway up the sides of the springform pan. Bake cheesecake until set, about 1 hour to 1 hour 10 minutes. Remove springform pan from water bath, and transfer to a wire rack to cool. Refrigerate until cold, at least 4 hours (up to overnight
\fs38 ).}