{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red34\green34\blue34;\red94\green90\blue87;\red153\green150\blue144;
\red0\green171\blue189;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid4}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14820\viewh11280\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl740\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs74 \cf2 Triple-Chocolate Cheesecake
\f1\b\fs22 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl220\ql\qnatural

\fs28 \cf2 Yield  
\b0 \cf3 Serves 12
\fs22 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\sa320\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs38 \cf4 To help prevent cracks, turn off the oven and let the cheesecake sit inside for an hour. To cut the cleanest slices, use a knife dipped in warm water.
\fs40 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl460\sa200\ql\qnatural

\fs62 \cf2 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\sa120\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\fs46 \cf3 		1 package (9 ounces) chocolate wafer cookies\
		6 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted\
		4 bars (8 ounces each) cream cheese, room temperature\
		1 1/2 cups sugar\
		1/2 teaspoon salt\
		4 large eggs\
		1 cup sour cream\
		8 ounces semisweet chocolate, melted\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\sa120\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf5 		{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.marthastewart.com/259497/chocolate-ganache"}}{\fldrslt Chocolate Ganache}}\cf3 , for topping\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl460\sa200\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs62 \cf2 Directions\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\sa320\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\fs46 \cf3 {\listtext	.	}Preheat oven to 325 degrees. Assemble a 9-inch springform pan with the raised side of the bottom facing down.\
{\listtext	.	}In a food processor, pulse cookies until finely ground. Add butter, and pulse to moisten. Transfer to prepared pan, and press crumbs firmly and evenly into the bottom. Place pan on a rimmed baking sheet; bake 10 minutes, and set aside.\
{\listtext	.	}Wipe out bowl and blade of food processor. Add cream cheese, sugar, and salt; blend until smooth. With motor running, add eggs, then sour cream, and finally chocolate; blend filling until smooth, scraping down sides of bowl as needed.\
{\listtext	.	}Pour filling onto crust, and bake just until set, 1 hour. Turn oven off, and let cheesecake sit 1 hour in oven, without opening (this helps prevent cracking).\
{\listtext	.	}Run a thin knife around the edge of the pan (this helps prevent cracking, too); leave in pan, and cool completely on wire rack. Cover loosely and refrigerate, at least 6 hours or up to overnight.\
{\listtext	.	}Prepare {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.marthastewart.com/259497/chocolate-ganache"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 Chocolate Ganache}}. Unmold cheesecake. Spread ganache in center of cheesecake; let set before serving.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl740\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs80 \cf2 Chocolate Ganache
\f1\fs30 \cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl460\sa200\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs64 \cf2 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\sa120\ql\qnatural
\ls3\ilvl0
\f1\fs48 \cf3 		1/4 cup heavy cream\
		4 ounces chopped semisweet chocolate\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl460\sa200\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs64 \cf2 Directions\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\sa320\ql\qnatural
\ls4\ilvl0
\f1\fs48 \cf3 {\listtext	.	}In a small saucepan, bring cream to a boil. Remove from heat, and add chocolate. Stir until melted, then set aside until thickened, 2 to 5 minutes.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural
\cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\sa260\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs50 \cf2 \
}