{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red143\green143\blue143;\red101\green140\blue24;\red0\green10\blue208;
\red132\green0\blue0;\red61\green63\blue63;\red126\green126\blue126;\red71\green155\blue220;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13380\viewh16020\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl600\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs70 \cf0 Triple-Chocolate Cheesecake I
\fs58 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa60\ql\qnatural

\fs46 \cf0 Yields:\cf2   \cf0 1 (9-inch) cheesecake \

\fs58 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Ingredients
\fs50 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ri920\sa80\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs46 \cf0 		Oreo cookie crust (recipe below)\
		6 tablespoons unsalted butter,\'a0melted\
		4 bars (8 ounces each) cream cheese,\'a0room temperature \
		1 1/2 cups sugar\
		1/2 teaspoon salt\
		4 large eggs\
		1 cup sour cream\
		8 ounces semisweet chocolate,\'a0melted\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ri920\sa80\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b \cf3 		{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.delish.com/recipefinder/chocolate-ganache-recipe"}}{\fldrslt 
\b0 Chocolate Ganache}}
\b0  \cf0 ,\'a0for topping (recipe below)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li200\ri920\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li200\sa200\ql\qnatural

\fs58 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl360\sa300\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\fs46 \cf0 Preheat oven to 325 degrees. Assemble a 9-inch springform pan with the raised side of the bottom facing down.
\b \
\ls2\ilvl0
\b0 In a food processor, pulse cookies until finely ground. Add butter, and pulse to moisten. Transfer to prepared pan, and press crumbs firmly and evenly into the bottom. Place pan on a rimmed baking sheet; bake 10 minutes, and set aside.
\b \
\ls2\ilvl0
\b0 Wipe out bowl and blade of food processor. Add cream cheese, sugar, and salt; blend until smooth. With motor running, add eggs, then sour cream, and finally chocolate; blend filling until smooth, scraping down sides of bowl as needed.
\b \
\ls2\ilvl0
\b0 Pour filling onto crust, and bake just until set, 1 hour. Turn oven off, and let cheesecake sit 1 hour in oven, without opening (this helps prevent cracking).
\b \
\ls2\ilvl0
\b0 Run a thin knife around the edge of the pan (this helps prevent cracking, too); leave in pan, and cool completely on wire rack. Cover loosely and refrigerate, at least 6 hours or up to overnight.
\b \
\ls2\ilvl0
\b0 Prepare
\b  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.delish.com/recipefinder/chocolate-ganache-recipe"}}{\fldrslt 
\b0 \cf3 Chocolate Ganache:}}
\b0  In a small saucepan, bring cream to a boil. Remove from heat, and add chocolate. Stir until melted, then set aside until thickened, 2 to 5 minutes.
\b \
\ls2\ilvl0
\b0 Unmold cheesecake. Spread ganache in center of cheesecake; let set before serving. \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\b\fs64 \cf0 Oreo Cookie Crust 
\b0\fs40 \cf4 \uc0\u8232 
\fs38 \cf5 Yields: 1 pie crust
\fs40 \cf4 \uc0\u8232 
\b \cf0 \uc0\u8232 
\fs50 Ingredients:
\b0\fs56 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\fs50 \cf0 24 whole Oreo cookies\uc0\u8232 1/4 cup melted unsalted butter\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\fs56 \cf0 \uc0\u8232 
\b\fs50 Preparation:
\b0\fs56 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\fs50 \cf0 In a medium-sized bowl or a food processor, add the Oreo cookies and blend until the texture of coarse meal. Add the melted butter and blend until well combine.\
Place the ground crumb mixture into a 9- or 10-inch springform pan and press onto the bottom and up the sides evenly. Refrigerate the crust for at least an hour before you add the filling of your choice. \cf5 This will help prevent crumbling when you want to serve it.\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa120\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b\fs62 \cf6 Chocolate Ganache
\b0\fs48 \cf7 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa160\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\b\fs50 \cf8 INGREDIENTS\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\b0 \cf6 1/4 cup heavy cream\
4 ounces chopped semisweet chocolate
\b \cf8 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf8 DIRECTIONS\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\b0 \cf6 In a small saucepan, bring cream to a boil. Remove from heat, and add chocolate. Stir until melted, then set aside until thickened, 2 to 5 minutes.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f0 \cf0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl360\sa300\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\fs46 \cf0 \
}