{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Veal Ravioli\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs32 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 4 servings\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs36 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup olive oil\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 small carrot, finely diced\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 celery stalk, finely diced\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 small onion, finely diced\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/garlic/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cloves garlic}}, minced\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 pound ground veal\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/bay-leaf/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 bay leaf}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon red pepper flakes\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 teaspoons {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/fennel-seed/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 fennel seeds}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup canned {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/tomato-sauce/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 tomato sauce}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 tablespoons toasted pine nuts\
{\listtext	\'95	}40 round wonton wrappers, thawed if frozen and covered loosely with a damp paper towel to prevent drying\
{\listtext	\'95	}Slow Roasted Tomato Sauce, recipe follows\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 In a large saute pan set over moderately high heat, heat olive oil. Add chopped carrot, celery, onion, and garlic and saute until vegetables are tender. Add ground veal and cook, stirring, until meat is cooked through.\
In a clean spice/{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/coffee-grinder/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 coffee grinder}}, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/pulverize/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 pulverize}} bay leaf, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/red-pepper-flakes/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 red pepper flakes}}, and fennel seeds. Add spice mixture to saute pan. Add tomato sauce to saute pan. Cook, stirring, until almost all the liquid is evaporated, for about 2 minutes. Add chopped {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/parsley/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 parsley}} and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/pine-nut/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 pine nuts}}. Season with salt and pepper, to taste.\
Put 1 wonton wrapper on a lightly floured surface, mound 1 tablespoon of the filling in the center of the wrapper, and brush the edges with water. Put a second wrapper over the first, pressing down around the filling to force out the air, seal the edges well, and trim the excess dough around the filling with a 2 1/2-inch cutter or sharp knife. Make wonton ravioli with the remaining wrappers and filling in the same manner, transferring them as they are formed to a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/jelly-roll-pan/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 sheet pan}} lightly sprinkled with {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cornstarch/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cornstarch}}\cf2 .\cf0 \
Bring a kettle of boiling salted water to a gentle boil and in it cook the ravioli in batches for 2 minutes, or until they rise to the surface and are tender. (Do not let the water boil vigorously once the ravioli have been added.) Transfer the ravioli as they are cooked with a slotted spoon to a dry kitchen towel or paper towels to drain and keep them warm.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Slow roasted tomato sauce:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/olive-oil/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 extra-virgin olive oil}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 pounds {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/plum-tomato/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 plum tomatoes}}, cored and halved\
{\listtext	\'95	}5 large garlic cloves, peeled\
{\listtext	\'95	}Salt and freshly ground pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/8 cup white wine\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon minced fresh thyme\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup chicken or {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/stock/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 vegetable stock}}, or canned broth\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup chiffonade fresh basil leaves, thyme leaves, or purple sage, for {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/garnish/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 garnish}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Preheat oven to 200 degrees F. Lightly brush a baking sheet with olive oil and arrange the tomato slices and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/garlic/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 garlic cloves}} in one layer. Sprinkle tomatoes and garlic with olive oil and season with thyme, salt and pepper. Drizzle with white wine. Roast the tomatoes and garlic for 1 1/2 hours. Transfer tomatoes and garlic to a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/blender/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 blender}} and puree until smooth. Add stock to achieve desired consistency. Taste and adjust seasoning with salt and pepper. Add {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/chiffonade/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 chiffonade}} of basil. Reserve sauce and keep warm.\
Wine Suggestion: Villa Antinori {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/chianti/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Chianti}}\
}