{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red51\green51\blue51;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10160\viewh11520\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs46 \cf2 Sun Dried Tomato Butter\

\b0 \
1/2 c. softened butter \
1 minced clove garlic\
1 1/2 tsp. lemon juice\
2 tbsp. minced sun dried tomatoes, drained oil packed \
1 small tomato, chopped, cored and seeded\
1/4 c. chopped, fresh parsley \
\
Combine butter, garlic, lemon juice, sun dried and regular tomato and parsley together.\
Shape butter into a log (about 1 inch round x 8 inches long) on\
waxed paper. Wrap and chill. Slice and add to vegetables or\
whatever you want.\
\

\b Chipotle Lime Butter
\b0 \
\
1 cup salted real butter\
2 1/2 tsps. lime juice\
2 tbslp. chipotles in adobo sauce, pureed\
2 tblsps. garlic mince\
\
Process in a processor until smooth. Refrigerate and serve with mexican cornbread.\
\

\b Light and Lemony Dill Butter
\b0 \
\
1/3 cup Light margarine -- softened\
1 tablespoon Finely-chopped green onion\
1/2 teaspoon Dried dill weed\
Grated peel of 1/2 lemon\
1/8 teaspoon White pepper\
\

\b Chili Jalapeno Butter
\b0 \
\
1 jalapeno, ribbed, seeded, finely chopped\
1 tablespoon vegetable oil\
1 teaspoon dark chili powder\
4 ounces salted butter\
1/2 lime, juiced\
\
Saut\'e9 the jalapeno in the vegetable oil in a small pan over medium heat for 3-4 minutes. Add the chili powder and cook for one more minute. Add the butter and the lime juice. Remove from heat and skim off fat. Good served on cooked vegetables or chilled and used as a spread.\
\

\b Ginger Butter
\b0 \
\
3/4 cup Butter\
2 tablespoons Ground crystallized ginger\
1 teaspoon Brown sugar\
1/2 teaspoon Allspice\
\
Mix together and store in refrigerator.\
\

\b Pumpkin Butter Spread
\b0 \
\
1/2 cup butter softened\
1 can (15 oz size) pumpkin\
1/2 cup honey\
1 small lemon, juiced\
1/2 teaspoon pumpkin or apple pie spice or to taste\
salt to taste\
\
Place all in small pot and heat on low, to gradually melt butter. Mix all well. Place in dish and chill well. Use as a spread for scones, biscuits , waffles etc.\
\

\b Roasted Red Pepper Butter
\b0 \
\
1 small red pepper\
1 tablespoon lemon juice\
salt and pepper\
1/2 cup butter, room temperature\
dried basil\
olive oil\
\
Cut the pepper in half and grill, turning regularly, until the skin is blackened. Remove from the heat and wrap in foil for 10 to 15 minutes; this helps to loosen skin. Remove the pepper from the foil and peel, remove the stalk and seeds and slice thinly. Place the pepper in the bowl of a food processor with the lemon juice and a pinch of salt and process to paste. Add the butter and remaining seasonings and mix thoroughly. For a smooth paste, blend in a little olive oil, a tsp. at a time, until the ingredients hold together. Butter blended with herbs or other flavoring is delicious. Simply spread on fresh crusty bread or as a garnish for grilled fish, meat, or vegetables.\
\

\b Strawberry Butter
\b0 \
\
1/2 cup butter\
1/2 cup sliced strawberries\
2 teaspoons grated orange peel\
\
Blend 1/2 c. butter, 1/2 c. sliced strawberries and 2 t. grated orange peel in blender or food processor until smooth.\
\

\b Cinnamon Butter
\b0 \
\
1/2 cup butter softened\
1 cup honey\
1 teaspoon cinnamon\
\
Mix ingredients in bowl until light and fluffy.\
\

\b Garlic Butter
\b0 \
\
1/2 cup butter\
1 tablespoon olive oil\
3 cloves garlic, chopped fine\
1 teaspoon onion powder\
1 green onion, chopped fine\
1 tablespoon grated Parmesan cheese\
1/2 teaspoon oregano\
1/2 teaspoon parsley\
pinch garlic salt (optional)\
\
Let butter soften at room temp in small mixing bowl. Add all other ingredients. Use fork to mash butter and thoroughly mix. Spread garlic butter liberally on sliced Baguette or bread. Put in toaster oven or reg oven, broil 1-2 minutes until lightly browned.\
\

\b Garlic Butter II\

\b0 \
1 tablespoon garlic powder\
3 minced fresh garlic cloves\
1 lemon (juice of)\
1 pound salted butter\
\
In the bowl of a food processor or mixer, combine all ingredients. Beat until smooth, about 4 minutes. Pack into molds or a glass container with a lid, and refrigerate. Keeps up to 1 week.\
\

\b Almond Honey Butter
\b0 \
\
4 ounces almond paste\
4 tablespoons butter -- softened\
1/2 cup honey\
\
In a small bowl, beat honey and almond paste with an electric mixer. Beat in butter until creamy. Spread on bread, pancakes or plain warm cake.\
\
\

\b Chocolate Honey Butter
\b0 \
\
1/2 cup butter, softened\
2 tablespoons chocolate syrup\
2 tablespoons honey\
\
Combine all ingredients in a small bowl. Beat at highest speed until light and fluffy. \
\
\

\b Cinnamon Honey Butter\

\b0 \
2 cups butter softened\
3/4 cup honey\
3 tablespoons cinnamon\
\
Just mix it all together and refrigerate.\
\

\b Honey Butter\

\b0 \
1/3 to 1/2 cup honey\
1/2 cup butter softened\
orange zest to taste\
\
Combine all ingredients, blending well. Store in a airtight container in refrigerator. \
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
}