{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15120\viewh19740\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs66 \cf0 "Instant" Pancake Mix\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs46 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 3 batches of pancakes\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs50 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs50 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}6 cups {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/flour/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 all-purpose flour}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 teaspoons {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/baking-soda/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 baking soda}} (check expiration date first)\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 teaspoons baking powder\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon kosher salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sugar/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 sugar}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs50 \cf0 Combine all of the ingredients in a lidded container. Shake to mix.\
Use the mix within 3 months.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 "INSTANT" PANCAKES:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs50 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}2 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/eggs/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 eggs}}, separated\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 cups {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/buttermilk/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 buttermilk}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 tablespoons melted butter\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 cups "Instant" Pancake Mix, recipe above\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 stick butter, for greasing the pan\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 cups fresh fruit such as {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/blueberry/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 blueberries}}, if desired\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Heat an electric griddle or {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/frying-pan/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 frying pan}} to 350 degrees F. Heat oven to 200 degrees F.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/whisk/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Whisk}} together the egg whites and the buttermilk in a small bowl. In another bowl, whisk the egg yolks with the melted butter.\
Combine the buttermilk mixture with the egg yolk mixture in a large mixing bowl and whisk together until thoroughly combined. Pour the liquid ingredients on top of the pancake mix. Using a whisk, mix the batter just enough to bring it together. Don't try to work all the lumps out.\
Check to see that the griddle is hot by placing a few drops of water onto to the griddle. The griddle is ready if the water dances across the surface.\
Lightly butter the griddle. Wipe off thoroughly with a paper towel. (No butter should be visible.)\
Gently ladle the pancake {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/batter/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 batter}} onto the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/griddle/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 griddle}} and sprinkle on fruit if desired. When bubbles begin to set around the edges of the pancake and the griddle-side of the cake is golden, gently flip the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/pancake/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 pancakes}}. Continue to cook 2 to 3 minutes or until the pancake is set.\
Serve immediately or remove to a towel-lined baking sheet and cover with a towel. Hold in a warm place for 20 to 30 minutes.\
Yield: 12 pancakes}