{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red105\green50\blue0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16140\viewh18460\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs78 \cf2 Apple Popovers
\b0\fs42 \
Serves  4\

\b\fs56 Apples
\b0\fs36 \

\fs56 1 pound Granny Smith Apples (2-3 large), peeled, cored, and cut into 1/4 inch slices
\f1\fs62 \cf0 \

\f0\fs56 \cf2 2 tablespoon unsalted butter
\f1\fs62 \cf0 \

\f0\fs56 \cf2 2 tablespoon granulated sugar
\f1\fs62 \cf0 \

\f0\fs56 \cf2 1/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon
\f1\fs62 \cf0 \

\f0\b\fs56 \cf2 Popover Batter
\f1\b0\fs62 \cf0 \

\f0\fs56 \cf2 3 large eggs
\f1\fs62 \cf0 \

\f0\fs56 \cf2 1/2 cup whole milk
\f1\fs62 \cf0 \

\f0\fs56 \cf2 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted
\f1\fs62 \cf0 \

\f0\fs56 \cf2 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract
\f1\fs62 \cf0 \

\f0\fs56 \cf2 1/2 cup all-purpose flour
\f1\fs62 \cf0 \

\f0\fs56 \cf2 1/4 teaspoon salt
\f1\fs62 \cf0 \

\f0\fs56 \cf2 2 tablespoons granulated sugar\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
\cf2 \
Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C) and place the rack in the center of the oven.\'a0
\f1\fs62 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs56 \cf2 Apples
\b0 : In a small bowl, mix the sugar with the ground cinnamon. Then in an 8- or 9- inch heavy\'a0ovenproof skillet (preferably nonstick), melt the butter.\'a0Add the sliced apples and sugar mixture and sauteed the apples just until tender.\'a0
\f1\fs62 \cf0 \

\f0\b\fs56 \cf2 Popover Batter
\b0 :\'a0Meanwhile, in your food processor place all the batter ingredients. Process for about one minute, scraping down the sides of the bowl as needed. Once the batter is completely smooth, pour over the sauteed apples.\'a0
\f1\fs62 \cf0 \

\f0\fs56 \cf2 Bake for about 18-20 minutes or until the popover is puffed and golden brown. Do not open the oven door until the end of the baking time or it may collapse.\'a0Serve immediately.
\f1\fs62 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\
}