{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13940\viewh12800\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs60 \cf0 Apple Coffee Cake with Crumble Topping
\f1\b0\fs44 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs38 \cf0 Serves:  12 servings\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Ingredients\
Cake:
\f1\b0\fs50 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural
\cf0 1 stick plus 2 teaspoons unsalted butter\
1 1/2 cups packed light brown sugar\
2 large eggs\
2 cups all purpose flour\
1 teaspoon baking soda\
1 teaspoon ground cinnamon\
1/2 teaspoon salt\
1 cup sour cream\
1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract\
2 cups peeled, cored and chopped apples\

\b Crumble Topping:
\b0 \
1/2 cup packed light brown sugar\
1/2 cup all purpose flour\
1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon\
4 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened\

\b Brown Sugar Glaze:
\b0 \
1/2 cup packed light brown sugar\
1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract\
2 tablespoons water\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Directions
\f1\b0\fs50 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Lightly grease a 13 by 9-inch glass baking dish with 2 teaspoons of the butter.\
In a large bowl, cream together the remaining stick of butter and sugar until light and fluffy. Add the eggs 1 at a time, beating after the addition of each. In a separate bowl or on a piece of parchment, sift together the flour, baking soda, cinnamon, and salt. Add to the wet ingredients, alternating with the sour cream and vanilla. Fold in the apples. Pour into the prepared baking dish, spreading out to the edges.\
To make the topping, in a bowl, combine the sugar, flour, cinnamon, and butter, and mix until it resembles coarse crumbs. Sprinkle the topping over the cake and bake until golden brown and set, 35 to 40 minutes. Remove from the oven and let cool on a wire rack for at least 10 minutes.\
To make the glaze, in a bowl, combine the sugar, vanilla, and water and mix until smooth. Drizzle the cake with the glaze and let harden slightly. Serve warm.\
\
\
\
}