{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16600\viewh15620\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs54 \cf0 Baked French Toast with Blueberries
\f1\b0\fs34 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\b \cf2 Serves: 
\b0 \cf0 4 to 6 servings\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs38 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs40 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs38 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}Butter, for greasing\
{\listtext	\'95	}6 eggs\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 cups whole milk\
{\listtext	\'95	}3/4 cup maple syrup, plus extra for serving\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 teaspoons ground cinnamon, plus 1 tablespoon\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 teaspoon fine sea salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 lemon, zested\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 (1-inch thick) slices (8 ounces) day-old challah or sourdough bread, cut into 1-inch cubes\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 cups (12 ounces) fresh or frozen, thawed, and drained blueberries\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 tablespoons granulated sugar\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs40 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs38 \cf0 Place an oven rack in the middle of the oven. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Butter a 9 by 13-inch baking dish. Set aside.\
In a large bowl, beat the eggs until frothy. Add the milk, maple syrup, cinnamon, salt, and lemon zest. Add the bread cubes and mix until coated. Stir in the blueberries. Pour the mixture into the prepared baking dish.\
In a small bowl, mix together the remaining cinnamon and sugar. Sprinkle the cinnamon sugar over the egg mixture in an even layer. Bake for 40 to 45 minutes until the top is golden and the filling is set.\
Spoon onto serving plates and drizzle with maple syrup.\
}