{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red84\green84\blue84;\red51\green51\blue51;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13820\viewh19240\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl520\sa80\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs64 \cf0 Belgian Waffles with Sauteed Cider Apples\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs38 \cf2 Yield:  \cf0 4 servings\

\b \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\ql\qnatural

\fs52 \cf0 INGREDIENTS\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs48 \cf0 Waffles
\b0 \
{\listtext	\'95	}1 3/4 cups all-purpose flour\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 teaspoons baking powder\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 teaspoon baking soda\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 tablespoons sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon fine salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 large eggs\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup (1 stick) unsalted butter, melted and cooled, plus more for waffle iron\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 cups buttermilk\
\ls1\ilvl0
\b Sauteed Apples
\b0 \
{\listtext	\'95	}2 cups apple cider\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon light brown sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 cinnamon sticks\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons unsalted butter\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 Granny Smith apples, peeled, cored, and thinly sliced\
{\listtext	\'95	}Special equipment: waffle iron\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\ql\qnatural

\b\fs52 \cf0 DIRECTIONS\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa160\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs48 \cf3 Preheat your waffle iron and brush the grate with butter. Whisk together the flour, baking powder, baking soda, sugar and salt in a medium bowl. \uc0\u8232 Whisk together the eggs, melted butter and buttermilk in a small bowl. Add the wet ingredients to the dry ingredients and mix until just combined. Do not overmix. Set the batter aside at room temperature for 20 minutes. Cook the waffles according the manufacturer's directions until golden brown. Remove to a baking rack. Cut or tear each waffle into quarters. Top each quarter with some of the sauteed apples. \u8232 \u8232 For the sauteed apples: Combine the apple cider, light brown sugar, and cinnamon sticks in a large saute pan over high heat and boil until reduced by half and thickened to a syrup. \u8232 Remove the cinnamon stick, whisk in the butter and add the apples and cook until soft and caramelized. Set aside. \u8232 \u8232 }