{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red84\green84\blue84;\red51\green51\blue51;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid4}
{\list\listtemplateid5\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid5}
{\list\listtemplateid6\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid6}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}{\listoverride\listid5\listoverridecount0\ls5}{\listoverride\listid6\listoverridecount0\ls6}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15240\viewh17840\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl520\sa80\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs64 \cf0 Black Pepper Popovers filled with Vermont Cheddar and Herb Scrambled Eggs and Maple-Mustard Glazed Canadian Bacon\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\fs38 \cf2 Yield:  \cf0 6 servings\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\ql\qnatural

\fs52 \cf0 INGREDIENTS\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs48 \cf0 MAPLE-MUSTARD GLAZED CANADIAN BACON:
\b0 \
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup grade B pure maple syrup\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 heaping tablespoon Dijon mustard\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons canola oil\
{\listtext	\'95	}6 slices thick-cut Canadian bacon\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls3\ilvl0
\b \cf0 VERMONT CHEDDAR AND HERB SCRAMBLE:
\b0 \
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons canola oil\
{\listtext	\'95	}12 cherry tomatoes, halved\
{\listtext	\'95	}Salt and freshly ground black pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}12 large eggs\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 ounces grated aged white Vermont Cheddar\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls4\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh chives\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh parsley leaves\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 teaspoons finely chopped fresh tarragon\
{\listtext	\'95	}6 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into pieces\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls5\ilvl0
\b \cf0 POPOVERS:
\b0 \
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon unsalted butter, melted and cooled, plus more for greasing pans\
{\listtext	\'95	}3/4 cup all-purpose flour\
{\listtext	\'95	}3/4 cup whole milk, at room temperature\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls6\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon kosher salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon coarsely ground black pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 large eggs, at room temperature\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\ql\qnatural

\b\fs52 \cf0 DIRECTIONS\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa160\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs48 \cf3 For the canadian bacon: Whisk the maple syrup and mustard in a small bowl. Set aside. Heat the canola oil in a large cast-iron pan over high heat. Add the Canadian bacon and cook until browned on the bottom, about 3 minutes. Flip and brush generously with the maple syrup mixture. Cook for another 2 minutes, and then transfer to a platter. \uc0\u8232 For the cheddar and herb scramble: Heat the canola oil over high heat in another cast-iron skillet. Add the cherry tomatoes cut-side down and cook until seared, 1 to 2 minutes. Season them with salt and pepper, and transfer to a plate. \u8232 Whisk together the eggs, Cheddar, chives, parsley and tarragon in a large bowl and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Heat the butter in a large nonstick pan over medium-low heat until it begins to sizzle. Add the egg mixture and slowly cook, stirring with a wooden spoon, until soft curds form. Remove from the heat and set aside. \u8232 For the popovers: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Generously brush a 6-slot aluminum popover pan with softened butter. Place the pan in the oven to heat 5 minutes before you are ready to add the batter. \u8232 Whisk together the melted butter, flour, milk, salt, pepper and eggs until smooth. The batter should be thin. Fill the popover pans less than halfway full and bake for exactly 30 minutes. Do not open the oven door while popovers are baking. Make the popovers last because they need to be eaten almost immediately once removed from the oven. \u8232 For assembly: Open the popovers and fill each half with a slice of the bacon. Top each with the eggs, and a cherry tomato half. Serve the remaining tomatoes on the side.\
}