{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15800\viewh13060\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs76 \cf0 Breakfast Strata
\b0\fs50 \
Makes:  8 servings\

\fs44 \

\b\fs58 Ingredients
\b0 \
1/2 cup sun-dried  tomatoes, drained, and chopped\
3/4 pound ground sweet Italian sausage\
1 cup 
\i each 
\i0 diced green and
\i  
\i0 red bell pepper\
1 loaf Italian bread (14 ounces), cut into 1-inch cubes\
8 large eggs\
1 cup milk\
1/3 cup packed basil leaves, chopped\
2 cups shredded mozzarella, divided\
Nonstick cooking spray\
\

\b Directions
\b0 \
Place sausage into a large nonstick skillet.  Cook over medium-high heat for 6 minutes.  Add green and red bell pepper and cool, stirring, 4 minutes.  Remove from heat.\
Stir sun-dried tomatoes into sausage mixture in skillet.\
Place bread cubes in a large bowl.  In a medium bowl, whisk eggs, milk and basil leaves.  Stir sausage mixture into bread along with 1 cup mozzarella.  Pour egg mixture over bread and sausage and stir to moisten all ingredients.  Coat a 2 1/2- to 3-quart baking dish with nonstick cooking spray.  Pour bread mixture into prepared dish.  Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate overnight.\
Heat oven to 350 degrees F.  Uncover dish and sprinkle with 1 cup mozzarella.  Cover dish with foil.\
Bake, covered, at 350 degrees for 45 minutes.  Uncover and bake 15  minutes.  Cool slightly before serving.\
\
 \
\
}