{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red84\green84\blue84;\red51\green51\blue51;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl520\sa80\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs64 \cf0 Citrus Blueberry Salad 
\b0\fs38 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural
\cf2 Yield:  \cf0 9 servings
\b \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\ql\qnatural

\fs50 \cf0 INGREDIENTS\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0\fs46 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup toasted almonds chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup pure cane granulated sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}8 fresh mint leaves, chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 ruby red grapefruits, segmented and juice reserved\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 yellow grapefruits, segmented and juice reserved\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}2 Navel oranges, segmented and juice reserved\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons honey\
{\listtext	\'95	}One 2-inch piece fresh ginger, cut in half\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 pint fresh blueberries, picked over and rinsed\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\ql\qnatural

\b\fs50 \cf0 DIRECTIONS\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa160\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs46 \cf3 Put the almonds, sugar and mint in a food processor and pulse briefly to make a coarse streusel-like topping. Transfer to a small bowl. \uc0\u8232 Combine the grapefruits and oranges in a large decorative bowl. Combine the reserved citrus juices in a small saucepan (you should have at least 2 cups, if you don't, add enough fresh orange or grapefruit juice to make up the difference). Add the honey and fresh ginger and bring to a boil. Cook until the mixture is reduced by half. Remove from the heat and let cool to room temperature, at least 30 minutes. Remove the ginger and pour the mixture over the citrus. Cover and refrigerate the salad for at least 1 hour and up to 24 hours. \u8232 Just before serving, stir in the blueberries. Top with the minted almond sugar and serve.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl520\sa80\ql\qnatural

\b\fs72 \cf0 \
}