{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid4}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww18120\viewh20280\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs78 \cf0 Creamy Polenta with Poached Eggs and Chile Oil\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs54 \cf0 Yield:  4 servings\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\ql\qnatural

\b\fs78 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0\fs66 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 cup plus 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup Calabria hot long chile peppers, stem removed and finely chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup whole milk\
{\listtext	\'95	}Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup polenta or yellow cornmeal\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup grated Parmesan\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 tablespoons unsalted butter\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 poached eggs (see recipe below)\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 	\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\ql\qnatural

\b\fs78 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs66 \cf0 Combine 1 cup of the oil, the chiles and 1/4 teaspoon of the salt in a medium saute pan over low heat and cook for 5 minutes. Remove from the heat and cool completely. Transfer to a bowl and set aside. 
\f1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 
\f0 In a medium saucepot over medium-high heat, bring 3 cups water, the milk, 1 teaspoon salt and some pepper to a boil. Gradually whisk in the polenta, whisking constantly until the mixture is smooth and begins to thicken. 
\f1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 
\f0 Reduce the heat to medium-low and cook, stirring often, until tender and thickened but still creamy, about 30 minutes, adding more water if needed. Stir in the Parmesan and butter. Remove from heat and keep warm. \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 To serve, spoon the polenta into 4 bowls, top with a poached egg and drizzle with the reserved chile oil.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\ql\qnatural

\b\fs78 \cf0 Poached Eggs\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs48 \cf0 Yield:  1 to 3 servings
\fs54 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\ql\qnatural

\b\fs68 \cf0 Ingredients
\fs74 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural
\ls3\ilvl0
\b0\fs62 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}3 cups water\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon white vinegar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon salt\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural
\ls4\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}3 large eggs\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\ql\qnatural

\b\fs68 \cf0 Directions
\fs74 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs62 \cf0 Bring 3 cups of water to a boil with the vinegar and salt in a small saucepan over high heat. 
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 Crack an egg into a cup and slide the egg gently into the water. Crack another egg into the cup and while the water returns to a boil, slide this egg into the water as well. Repeat with the third egg. When the water returns to a boil, reduce the heat to low and simmer until the eggs are set. Watch carefully and remove the eggs when the yolks are still soft, about 2 to 2 1/2 minutes. (Test by lifting an egg slightly out of the water on a slotted spoon and gently pressing the center with your finger; the yolk should be soft and the white firm.) 
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 Drain on paper towels.  \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\fs54 \cf0 \

\fs96 \

\fs66 \
}