{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red25\green25\blue25;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14340\viewh16360\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\qc

\f0\b\fs56 \cf2 Eggs Benedict\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs40 \cf2 This is the classic recipe for Eggs Benedict consisting of Canadian bacon and poached egg. However don't let this stop you from experimenting! There are all sorts of variations to try like substituting the canadian bacon with crabcakes, homemade sausage patties, bacon, Mexican chorizo, turkey, etc.
\fs66 \cf2 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\ql\qnatural

\fs48 \cf2 2 tablespoons white vinegar\
1 teaspoon salt\
12 large eggs\
6 english muffins, split & toasted\
12 slices Canadian bacon\
1 recipe for Foolproof Hollandaise\
\
Fill a large 12 inch skillet nearly to the rim with water. Add the vinegar and salt and bring to a boil over high heat. Once it comes to a boil, remove off heat. \
\
Crack an egg into a small bowl and one at a time, carefully pour the egg into the skillet. Repeat with the remaining eggs,being careful not to crowd the pan. (You may want to only poach 6 eggs at a time to avoid crowding.)\
\
Once your eggs are in the skillet, cover the pan and poach the eggs until whites are set but yolks are slightly runny, about 5-7 minutes. Using a slotted spoon, transfer eggs to a paper towel-lined plate.\
\
Meanwhile, preheat your broiler. Arrange your toasted English muffins, split side up, on a baking sheet and place a slice of bacon on each. Broil until they begin to brown, about 1 minute.\
\
Arrange 1 poached egg on top of each English muffin. Spoon 1-2 tablespoons of hollandaise sauce over each egg. Garnish with minced fresh parsley and serve.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\qc

\b\fs56 \cf2 Foolproof Hollandaise
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\qc

\fs48 \cf2 makes 2 cups\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\cf2 \
1 1/2 sticks unsalted butter, softened\
6 large egg yolks\
1/2 cup boiling water\
2 teaspoons lemon juice\
1/8 teaspoon cayenne pepper (optional)\
salt to taste\
\
Whisk butter and egg yolks in a large heat resistant bowl set over a medium saucepan filled with 1/2 inch of barely simmering water. Be careful not to let the bottom of the bowl touch the water. Slowly add the 1/2 cup of boiling water into the bowl and cook, whisking constantly. It will eventually thicken when the sauce registers 160 degrees, in about 7-10 minutes.\
\
Remove from heat and stir the lemon juice and cayenne if using. Season with salt to taste and serve over eggs benedict above. }