{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Eggs Benedict I\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs32 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 4 servings\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}3 egg yolks\
{\listtext	\'95	}Juice of 2 whole lemons\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 sticks butter, melted and slightly cooled\
{\listtext	\'95	}Dash of salt\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cayenne-pepper/index.html"}}{\fldrslt Cayenne pepper}}\cf0 \
{\listtext	\'95	}4 whole eggs\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/english-muffin/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 English muffins}}, split, toasted and buttered\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 slices {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/canadian-bacon/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Canadian bacon}}, warmed in a skillet\
{\listtext	\'95	}Dash of {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/paprika/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 paprika}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 Add the egg yolks to a blender or a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/food-processor/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 food processor}}. Add in the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/lemon/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 lemon juice}} and blend for several seconds. With the blender on, slowly {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/drizzle/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 drizzle}} in the melted butter. Turn off the blender and add in a little salt and cayenne. Whip it again until combined. Set this aside for a minute.\
Next, poach an egg by gently cracking an egg into simmering, slightly bubbling water.\
Leave the egg alone for 2 to 2 1/2 minutes, and then remove it with a slotted spoon and carefully place it on a plate. Repeat with the remaining eggs.\
To serve, place a buttered, toasted English muffin half on a plate. Top the English muffin with a warm slice of Canadian bacon. Place the warm poached egg on top. And then drizzle on some warm {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/hollandaise/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 hollandaise}}. Sprinkle a little paprika on top.\
\
}