{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;
\f3\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red23\green23\blue23;\red102\green102\blue102;\red243\green240\blue231;
\red0\green101\blue159;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15200\viewh17440\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl780\sa180\qc

\f0\fs76 \cf2 German Apple Pancakes\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl520\sa160\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\fs32 \cf3 		\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl520\sa160\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs50 \cf3 		2 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus more for tin, and 2 tablespoons melted unsalted butter\
		5 tablespoons granulated sugar, plus more for tin\
		2 Granny Smith apples (about 1 pound)\
		1/4 cup light-brown sugar\
		1 tablespoon freshly squeezed lemon juice\
		1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon\
		2/3 cup all-purpose flour\
		1/2 teaspoon salt\
		3 large eggs\
		3/4 cup milk\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl520\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf3 		Confectioners' sugar, for dusting\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl600\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f2\fs58 \cf2 {\listtext	.	}\kerning1\expnd4\expndtw20
\uc0\u8232 
\f1\fs50 \cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Preheat oven to 450 degrees. Butter inside each muffin cup of a 6-cup nonstick jumbo muffin tin; coat with granulated sugar.
\f2\fs58 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd4\expndtw20
\uc0\u8232 
\f1\fs50 \cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Peel, core, and slice apples into 12 wedges, then cut wedges into 3 pieces. In a medium bowl, toss apples with brown sugar, lemon juice, and cinnamon.
\f2\fs58 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd4\expndtw20
\uc0\u8232 
\f1\fs50 \cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Melt 2 tablespoons butter in a 10-inch nonstick skillet over medium heat. Add apples and saute, turning occasionally, until caramelized, 10 to 12 minutes. Remove pan from stove; let cool 5 minutes. Divide caramelized apples among prepared muffin cups. Set aside.
\f2\fs58 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd4\expndtw20
\uc0\u8232 
\f1\fs50 \cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 In the bowl of a food processor, combine flour, salt, 5 tablespoons granulated sugar, 2 tablespoons melted butter, eggs, and milk; process for 3 minutes.
\f2\fs58 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd4\expndtw20
\uc0\u8232 
\f1\fs50 \cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Pour batter over apples. Transfer tin to oven; reduce heat to 400 degrees. Bake until pancakes puff up, about 15 minutes.
\f2\fs58 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd4\expndtw20
\uc0\u8232 
\f1\fs50 \cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Remove tin from oven; invert onto a flat work surface. Dust with confectioners' sugar; serve immediately.\
  
\f3\b\fs70 \cf0 \cb4 Apple-Calvados Caramel Sauce\
\ls2\ilvl0
\fs54 \cb1 	
\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\sa100\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\b \cf0 {\listtext	.	}4 
\b0 tablespoons {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/butter/index.html"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs58 \cf5 unsalted butter}}\
\ls2\ilvl0
\b {\listtext	.	}1 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/gala-apple/index.html"}}{\fldrslt 
\b0\fs58 \cf5 Gala apple}}
\b0 , peeled, cored and diced\
\ls2\ilvl0
\b {\listtext	.	}1 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/granny-smith-apple/index.html"}}{\fldrslt 
\b0\fs58 \cf5 Granny Smith apple}}
\b0 , peeled, cored and diced\
\ls2\ilvl0
\b {\listtext	.	}1 
\b0 cup packed light brown muscovado sugar\
\ls2\ilvl0
\b {\listtext	.	}1/4 
\b0 cup calvados\
\ls2\ilvl0
\b {\listtext	.	}1/4 
\b0 cup {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cream/index.html"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs58 \cf5 heavy cream}}
\fs58 \cf5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\ql\qnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/melt/index.html"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs54 \cf5 Melt}}
\fs54 \cf0  the butter in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Add the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/apple/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 apples}} and cook, stirring until soft, about 8 minutes. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/whisk/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 Whisk}} in the sugar and cook until the sugar melts and thickens slightly. Remove the skillet from the heat, add the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/calvados/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 calvados}}, then return to the stove and cook until reduced. Add the heavy cream and cook until warmed through. \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl600\ql\qnatural
\ls3\ilvl0
\b\fs40 \cf0 \
\ls3\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs50 \cf3 \
\
\ls3\ilvl0
\f0\fs58 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd4\expndtw20
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl680\sa500\ql\qnatural
\cf2 \kerning1\expnd4\expndtw20
 }