{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Grilled Grand Marnier French Toast with Strawberries\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs32 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 6 servings\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}16 ounces frozen strawberries, thawed\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/orange/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 orange}} liqueur (recommended: Grand Marnier)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 For French Toast:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}3 eggs\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup milk\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup orange liqueur (recommended: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/grand-marnier/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Grand Marnier}}), optional\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}6 thick slices bread, cut in 1/2 diagonally\
{\listtext	\'95	}Whipped topping (recommended: Cool Whip)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 In a large bowl, combine strawberries, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sugar/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 sugar}}, and liqueur. Let stand 1 hour, stirring occasionally.\
Set up grill for direct cooking over medium heat. Oil {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/grate/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 grate}} when ready to start cooking.\
In a shallow bowl, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/whisk/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 whisk}} together eggs, milk, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/liqueur/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 liqueur}}, and sugar. Coat each slice of bread on both sides with egg mixture. Place coated bread slices on hot oiled {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/grill/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 grill}}. Cook for 3 to 4 minutes per side.\
To serve, place 1 piece of {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/french-toast/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 French toast}} on plate. Top with {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/strawberry/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 strawberries}} and whipped topping. Add another slice of French toast and repeat.\
INDOOR: Prepare bread slices as directed. Melt 2 to 3 tablespoons of {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/butter/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 butter}} on a hot {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/griddle/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 griddle}} (over medium-high heat). Cook prepared bread slices until golden brown on both sides. Serve as directed.\
\
}