{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;\f1\fnil\fcharset129 AppleGothic;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red51\green57\blue120;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13080\viewh16660\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa200\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs60 \cf2 Caramelized Onion, Spinach and Gruyere Cheese Strata with Sauteed Cherry Tomatoes
\f1\fs46 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\ql\qnatural

\fs40 \cf0 Yields:  1 (9  by 13-inch) casserole\
 \

\fs52 INGREDIENTS\
STRATA:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl440\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 		6\uc0\u160 cups cubed day-old\u160 French bread, with\u160 crust\
		2\uc0\u160 tablespoons\u160 unsalted butter, plus more for greasing\
		1\uc0\u160 tablespoon\u160 canola oil\
		2\uc0\u160 large Spanish onions, halved and thinly sliced\
		1\uc0\u160 teaspoon sugar\
		Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper\
		One 10-ounce box frozen chopped spinach, thawed and squeezed dry\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl440\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 		10\uc0\u160 large\u160 eggs\
		2\uc0\u160 cups grated aged\u160 Gruyere cheese\
		3\uc0\u160 cups whole\u160 milk\
		1\uc0\u160 cup heavy cream\
		2\uc0\u160 teaspoons\u160 Dijon mustard\
		1\uc0\u160 tablespoon finely chopped fresh thyme\
		1/8\uc0\u160 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\ql\qnatural
\cf0 SAUTEED\uc0\u160 CHERRY TOMATOES:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl440\ql\qnatural
\ls3\ilvl0\cf0 		3\uc0\u160 tablespoons canola oil\
		2\uc0\u160 pints cherry tomatoes, quartered\
		Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper\
		3\uc0\u160 tablespoons finely sliced fresh\u160 chives, plus more for\u160 garnish\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\ql\qnatural
\cf0 DIRECTIONS \
For the strata: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F.\
\
Put the bread on a baking sheet and toast until lightly golden brown on both sides, about 10 minutes. Remove and let cool.\
Combine the butter and oil in a large saute pan over medium heat and cook until it begins to shimmer. Add the\uc0\u160 onions, toss to coat in the butter, and then add the\u160 sugar\u160 and season with salt and pepper. Cook the onions, stirring occasionally, until golden brown and caramelized, about 30 minutes. Remove from the heat and let cool slightly.\
In a large bowl, combine the bread cubes, onions and\uc0\u160 spinach. In another large bowl,\u160 whisk\u160 together the eggs, 1 1/2 cups cheese, milk,\u160 heavy cream, mustard, 1 teaspoons salt, 1/2 teaspoon pepper,\u160 thyme\u160 and\u160 nutmeg.\
Butter a 9 by 13-inch decorative\uc0\u160 baking dish. Add the bread cubes to the baking dish, and then pour the egg mixture over the bread cubes and press down to make sure the bread is totally submerged.\
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.\
Bake the strata uncovered until the mixture has puffed up slightly, is golden brown on top and doesn\'a1\'aft shimmy with uncooked\uc0\u160 custardwhen you shake the pan, about 1 hour. Sprinkle the remaining 1/2 cup cheese over the top during the last 10 minutes of baking. Let cool 5 minutes before serving.\
For the tomatoes: Heat oil in a large saute pan over high heat until it begins to shimmer. Add the tomatoes, season with salt and pepper and cook until the tomatoes softened. Add the chives and remove from the heat.\
Serve large spoonfuls of the strata onto plates and top with\uc0\u160 sauteed\u160 tomatoes.\
\
}