{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs56 \cf0 Italian Sausage and Egg Bake\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs36 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 6 servings\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs40 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs46 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1/2 small loaf country-style bread, cut into 1/2 to1-inch cubes (about 1 1/2 cups)\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 medium onion, finely diced\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 pound sweet Italian turkey sausage, casings removed\
{\listtext	\'95	}One 10 to12-ounce package fresh baby spinach, drained\
{\listtext	\'95	}One 6.5-ounce jar oil-packed sun-dried tomatoes, drained and coarsely chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons chopped fresh basil\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon kosher salt, plus extra for seasoning\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, plus extra for seasoning\
{\listtext	\'95	}One 5-ounce log goat cheese, coarsely crumbled (about 1 1/2 cups)\
{\listtext	\'95	}6 large eggs\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs46 \cf0 Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.\
Toss the bread cubes with 1 tablespoon oil and spread evenly in a single layer on a rimmed baking sheet. Bake until the cubes begin to turn light golden around the edges, 10 to 12 minutes (do not over-brown as the bread cubes will continue to brown when baked atop the sausage in the dish). Remove from the oven and set aside.\
Heat the remaining oil in a large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat. Add the onion and sausage. Break up the sausage with a wooden spoon and cook until the sausage has cooked through and the onion is soft, 8 to 10 minutes. Add the spinach and cook, stirring frequently, until wilted, about 2 minutes. Add the sun-dried tomatoes and basil.\
Season with 1/2 teaspoon salt and 1/4 teaspoon pepper. Spread the mixture evenly into a 13-by-9-by-2-inch glass baking dish or ceramic baking dish. Sprinkle the goat cheese on the mixture and arrange the bread cubes on top. Make 6 slight indentations in the mixture, spacing apart. Cover and chill. This can be prepared 2 hours ahead.\
Crack 1 egg into each indentation, making sure to keep the yolks intact. Sprinkle the eggs lightly with salt and freshly ground black pepper.\
Bake until the egg whites are set but yolks are still runny, about 15 minutes (or 18 minutes for a fully cooked yolk).\
}