{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Lemon Waffles\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs32 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 16 square waffles\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}4 cups {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/flour/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 all-purpose flour}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon baking powder\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sugar/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 sugar}}, divided\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}6 eggs, separated\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 1/2 cups milk\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup vegetable oil\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon lemon {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/extracts/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 extract}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 lemon, zested\
{\listtext	\'95	}Oil, for waffle iron\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/maple-syrup/index.html"}}{\fldrslt Maple syrup}}\cf0 , for serving Special equipment: a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/waffle-iron/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 waffle iron}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 Preheat the oven to 225 degrees F.\
In a large bowl sift to combine the flour, baking powder, 2 tablespoons of the sugar and salt. In small bowl whisk the egg yolks until smooth, then add the milk, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/vegetable-oils/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 vegetable oil}}, lemon extract, and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/zest/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 lemon zest}}. Make a well in the center of the dry ingredients. Pour in the liquid ingredients and gently stir the batter, with a wooden spoon, until just combined. Be careful not to overmix. You can use a hand beater or a stand {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/mixer/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 mixer}} on low speed, if desired.\
In a very clean bowl, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/whisk/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 whisk}} the egg whites until foamy. Add the remaining sugar and beat until soft peaks form. Gently fold the whites into the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/batter/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 batter}}. Pour about 1/4 cup to 1/2 cup batter into an oiled waffle iron, then close the iron. Cook until golden brown, about 5 minutes, depending on waffle iron settings. Transfer to a serving platter and keep warm in a low oven. Repeat with remaining batter. Serve warm with maple syrup.\
}