{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww18400\viewh17920\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs76 \cf0 Lighter Huevos Rancheros
\f1\b0\fs56 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\fs50 \cf2 Serves:
\b    
\b0 \cf0 4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs46 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs54 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs52 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}2 small tomatoes\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 small onion\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 medium jalapeno pepper, chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/garlic/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cloves garlic}}; 1 chopped, 1 smashed\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon hot sauce\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon ground cumin\
{\listtext	\'95	}Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons plus 2 teaspoons {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/olive-oil/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 extra-virgin olive oil}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 15.5-ounce can {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/black-bean/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 black beans}}, drained and rinsed\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 large eggs\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 6-inch {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/tortilla/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 corn tortillas}}, warmed\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup crumbled {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/feta/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 feta cheese}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup chopped fresh cilantro\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs54 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs52 \cf0 Prepare the salsa: Set a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/grater/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 grater}} in a large bowl; grate the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/tomato/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 tomatoes}} and onion into the bowl. Add the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/jalapeno-chile/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 jalapeno}}, chopped garlic, hot sauce, cumin and salt and pepper to taste. Heat a medium skillet over low heat and add 2 teaspoons olive oil. Fry the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/salsa/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 salsa}} in the oil until it thickens slightly, 3 minutes. Remove to a bowl and set aside.\
Add the beans to the same pan along with the smashed garlic, 1/2 cup warm water and a pinch of salt; cook over low heat until warmed through, smashing slightly with a fork.\
Meanwhile, heat the remaining 2 tablespoons oil in another skillet. Fry the eggs sunny-side up; season with pepper.\
Place 1 warm tortilla on each plate. Divide the beans among them, then top with a fried egg, some salsa and cheese. Sprinkle with {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cilantro/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cilantro}} and serve with the remaining salsa.}