{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red243\green240\blue231;\red50\green50\blue50;\red0\green101\blue159;
}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15380\viewh16960\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs70 \cf0 \cb2 Mini German Pancakes with Apple-Calvados Caramel Sauce
\fs40 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl460\ql\qnatural

\fs36 \cf3 \cb2 YIELD:  12  pancakes 
\fs40 \cf0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa80\ql\qnatural

\fs36 \cf0 \

\fs62 INGREDIENTS\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\sa100\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs54 \cf0 		1 
\b0 cup milk\
\ls1\ilvl0
\b 		1 
\b0 heaping tablespoon {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sugar/index.html"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs58 \cf4 granulated sugar}}\
\ls1\ilvl0
\b 		1 
\b0 teaspoon {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/extracts/index.html"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs58 \cf4 vanilla extract}}\
\ls1\ilvl0
\b 		1 
\b0 teaspoon finely grated {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/zest/index.html"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs58 \cf4 orange zest}}\
\ls1\ilvl0
\b 		6 
\b0 eggs\
\ls1\ilvl0
\b 		1 
\b0 cup {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/flour/index.html"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs58 \cf4 all-purpose flour}}\
\ls1\ilvl0
\b 		4 
\b0 tablespoons butter, melted and cooled\
\ls1\ilvl0
\b 		1/2 
\b0 teaspoon salt\
		Nonstick {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cooking-spray/index.html"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs58 \cf4 cooking spray}}\
		Apple-Calvados Caramel {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sauce/index.html"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs58 \cf4 Sauce}}, recipe follows\
\ls1\ilvl0
\b 		1/4 
\b0 cup powdered sugar mixed with 1 heaping teaspoon ground {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cinnamon/index.html"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs58 \cf4 cinnamon}}\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\sa100\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 		Apple-Calvados {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/caramel/index.html"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs58 \cf4 Caramel}} Sauce:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\sa100\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\b \cf0 		4 
\b0 tablespoons {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/butter/index.html"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs58 \cf4 unsalted butter}}\
\ls2\ilvl0
\b 		1 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/gala-apple/index.html"}}{\fldrslt 
\b0\fs58 \cf4 Gala apple}}
\b0 , peeled, cored and diced\
\ls2\ilvl0
\b 		1 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/granny-smith-apple/index.html"}}{\fldrslt 
\b0\fs58 \cf4 Granny Smith apple}}
\b0 , peeled, cored and diced\
\ls2\ilvl0
\b 		1 
\b0 cup packed light brown muscovado sugar\
\ls2\ilvl0
\b 		1/4 
\b0 cup calvados\
\ls2\ilvl0
\b 		1/4 
\b0 cup {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cream/index.html"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs58 \cf4 heavy cream}}\
\ls2\ilvl0
\b 		3 
\b0 fresh mint leaves, torn, for garnish\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa80\ql\qnatural

\b\fs62 \cf0 DIRECTIONS\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa460\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs54 \cf0 Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. 
\b \uc0\u8232 
\b0 \uc0\u8232 Combine the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/milk/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 milk}}, sugar, vanilla, zest and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/eggs/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 eggs}} in a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/bl106er/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 blender}} and blend until smooth. Add the flour, butter and salt and blend until completely smooth, about 1 minute. 
\b \uc0\u8232 
\b0 \uc0\u8232 Spray {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/muffin-tin/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 muffin tins}} well with nonstick cooking spray and pour 1/4 cup {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/batter/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 batter}} into each tin, filling about three-quarters full. Bake until puffy and golden on top, about 15 minutes. Remove and let sit on a baking rack for a few minutes. 
\b \uc0\u8232 
\b0 \uc0\u8232 Remove the individual pancakes to a platter. The {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/pancake/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 pancakes}} will sink slightly in the center. Fill with some of the Apple-Calvados Caramel Sauce and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/dust/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 dust}} with cinnamon {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/powdered-sugar/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 powdered sugar}}.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\ql\qnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/melt/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 Melt}} the butter in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Add the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/apple/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 apples}} and cook, stirring until soft, about 8 minutes. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/whisk/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 Whisk}} in the sugar and cook until the sugar melts and thickens slightly. Remove the skillet from the heat, add the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/calvados/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 calvados}}, then return to the stove and cook until reduced. Add the heavy cream and cook until warmed through. Finish with the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/mint/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 mint}}.\
}