{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red17\green17\blue17;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17740\viewh19620\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa440\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs50 \cf2 Poached Egg on Toast with Chipotle Mayonnaise, Bacon & Avocado
\b0\fs46 \
Chipotle Mayonnaise:\uc0\u8232 1/2 cup mayonnaise (preferably low-fat)\u8232 1 chipotle pepper*\u8232 1 tsp adobo sauce*\u8232 2 tsp fresh lime juice\
The rest:\uc0\u8232 8 slices crusty bread\u8232 1 avocado, cut into 16 slices\u8232 4 slices bacon, cooked until crispy\u8232 8 eggs\u8232 1/4 cup finely chopped cilantro\
The chipotle mayonnaise:\uc0\u8232 In a medium bowl, stir to combine mayonnaise, chipotle pepper, adobo sauce and lime juice.\
The rest:\uc0\u8232 Toast bread until golden brown. Spread 1 tablespoon chipotle mayonnaise on each piece of toast. Top each with 2 slices avocado and 1/2 piece bacon.\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.cookincanuck.com/2011/02/how-to-poach-egg/"}}{\fldrslt \cf0 \ul \ulc0 How to: Poach an Egg}}\cf0 \ul \ulc0  (see below)\cf2 \ulnone . Poach the eggs in two batches (four per pan). If you would like them to be ready at the same time, I recommend using two pans, with  1 teaspoon of vinegar for each.\
Lay one poached egg on top of each piece of toast. Garnish with cilantro, if desired. Serve immediately.\
Serves 4 (2 per person)\

\b Poaching an egg:
\b0 \

\b Step 1:
\b0 \uc0\u8232 Fill a large skillet with water to three-quarters full and set over medium heat. Bring to the water to a simmer, add 1 teaspoon vinegar (any kind will do), and a couple pinches of salt.\
Why?\uc0\u8232 Vinegar is used to speed up coagulation, which will stop the egg from spreading through the water. The salt is added for seasoning, and is optional. If you prefer, season after removing the eggs from the water.\

\b Step 2:
\b0 \uc0\u8232 Crack the eggs directly into the water. Make sure the water remains at a simmer, adjusting the heat as necessary.\
Why?\uc0\u8232 Many people recommend cracking the egg into a small bowl, and then sliding the egg into the water. However, if you take care not to break the yolk, it is easier to crack the egg directly into the water. \

\fs64 \
}