{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red164\green194\blue114;\red47\green43\blue34;\red45\green57\blue24;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14640\viewh13080\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa400\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs80 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd8\expndtw40
Quick Diner Pancakes
\b0\fs74 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li40\ri760\sl360\sa120\ql\qnatural

\f1\i\fs46 \cf3 \kerning1\expnd4\expndtw20
Makes 10-12 large pancakes
\i0\fs58 \kerning1\expnd4\expndtw20
\
2 eggs\uc0\u8232 1 cup milk, plus more if needed to reach desired consistency\u8232 1/4 cup heavy cream\u8232 3 tbsp. unsalted butter, melted\u8232 1/2 tsp. vanilla extract\u8232 3 tbsp. granulated sugar\u8232 1 1/2 cups self rising flour\u8232 2-5 tbsp. vegetable oil, as needed, for greasing griddle\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa380\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs64 \cf4 \kerning1\expnd8\expndtw40
Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\li40\ri760\sl360\sa120\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs58 \cf3 \kerning1\expnd4\expndtw20
In a medium-large mixing bowl, beat the eggs. Add the milk, cream, melted butter, vanilla extract and sugar and mix well. Add the flour and stir to combine until just incorporated. Let sit for 5 minutes.\
Heat a griddle or (flat) frying pan over medium-high heat. Pour a small amount of oil and spread over the surface of the pan (with a spatula, paper towel or brush).\
Pour approximately 1/3 cup of the batter onto the middle of the pan. The batter should be runny enough that the batter naturally expands about 5-6 inches in diameter (see photo above). If the batter is too thick, add milk (1 tbsp. at a time) until a better consistency. If too runny, add additional flour (1/2 tbsp. at a time) until the right consistency.\
Cook the pancake until the sides are bubbly and bubbles start to consistently break through the top surface, about 2-3 minutes. Using a spatula, flip the pancake and cook for an additional 1-2 minutes, until golden brown.\
Set pancakes aside on a plate lined (and covered) with paper towels or on a baking sheet lined with paper towel in the oven at 200 degrees to keep warm while you cook the remaining batter.\
Serve warm with some butter and syrup or Blueberry Compote, if desired.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa400\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs78 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd8\expndtw40
Easy Blueberry Compote\
\pard\pardeftab720\li40\ri760\sl360\sa120\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs62 \cf3 \kerning1\expnd4\expndtw20
2 cups frozen blueberries, divided\uc0\u8232 3 tbsp. water\u8232 2 1/2 tbsp. honey\u8232 1/4 tsp. ground cinnamon\u8232 1/2-1 tsp. fresh lemon juice (optional)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa380\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs68 \cf4 \kerning1\expnd8\expndtw40
Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\li40\ri760\sl360\sa120\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs62 \cf3 \kerning1\expnd4\expndtw20
Pour half the blueberries (1 cup) into a medium sauce pan and set aside the remaining 1 cup. Add the water, honey and cinnamon and cook over medium-high heat. Once boiling, reduce to a simmer and cook for an additional 10 minutes. ]\
After 10 minutes, gently smash the blueberries against the pan using a wooden or plastic spatula. Add the remaining blueberries and cook for an additional 5-6 minutes to heat through.\
Add lemon juice, to taste. (This will make the blueberry flavor pop a little bit more.)\
Serve warm.\
\

\fs24 \'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs26 \cf4 \kerning1\expnd8\expndtw40
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li40\ri760\sl360\sa120\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs58 \cf3 \kerning1\expnd4\expndtw20
\
\
\'a0\
}