{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12960\viewh14760\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Quiche Tartlets\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs32 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 6 servings\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs36 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 (14.1-ounce) box refrigerated pie dough (recommended: Pillsbury)\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 slices bacon, chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup chopped green onion\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 clove garlic, minced\
{\listtext	\'95	}Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 large eggs\
{\listtext	\'95	}3/4 cup half-and-half\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 ounces goat cheese, crumbled\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Spray 6 (4 1/2-inch) tartlet pans with nonstick spray.\
Roll out the pie dough. Using a 5-inch round cutter, punch out 6 circles of dough.\
Press each dough round into the prepared tartlet pans, making sure it covers the sides and bottoms. Bake until golden, 15 to 18 minutes. Remove and let cool slightly.\
Start on the filling while the crust is baking. Add the bacon to a medium saute pan over medium heat and cook until crisp. Add the green onions and garlic and saute until soft, 1 to 2 more minutes. Season with salt and pepper and remove from heat to cool.\
Lower the oven to 350 degrees F.\
Whisk together the eggs and half-and-half, and then stir in the bacon and green onion mixture. Season with a pinch of salt and pepper. Crumble the goat cheese into the baked shells.\
Ladle the mixture into the baked tartlet shells. Place the tartlet shells on a sheet tray (to catch drips) and bake until golden and cooked through, about 25 minutes.}