{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Tahoma;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red34\green34\blue34;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13020\viewh12800\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa200\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs64 \cf0 Rhubarb \'91Big Crumb\'92 Coffeecake
\fs46 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa300\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs42 \cf0 Yield: 6 to 8 servings\

\fs52 Butter for greasing pan \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa300\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 FOR THE RHUBARB FILLING*
\b0 \
1/2 pound rhubarb, trimmed\
1/4 cup sugar\
2 teaspoons cornstarch\
1/2 teaspoon ground ginger\

\b FOR THE CRUMBS
\b0 \
1/3 cup dark brown sugar\
1/3 cup granulated sugar\
1 teaspoon ground cinnamon\
1/2 teaspoon ground ginger\
1/8 teaspoon salt\
1/2 cup melted butter\
1 3/4 cups cake flour\

\b FOR THE CAKE
\b0 \
1/3 cup sour cream\
1 large egg\
1 large egg yolk\
2 teaspoons vanilla extract\
1 cup cake flour\
1/2 cup sugar\
1/2 teaspoon baking soda\
1/2 teaspoon baking powder\
1/4 teaspoon salt\
6 tablespoons softened butter, cut into 8 pieces.\
1. Preheat oven to 325 degrees. Grease an 8-inch-square baking pan. For filling, slice rhubarb 1/2 inch thick and toss with sugar, cornstarch and ginger. Set aside.\
2. To make crumbs, in a large bowl, whisk together sugars, spices, salt and butter until smooth. Stir in flour with a spatula. It will look like a solid dough.\
3. To prepare cake, in a small bowl, stir together the sour cream, egg, egg yolk and vanilla. Using a mixer fitted with paddle attachment, mix together flour, sugar, baking soda, baking powder and salt. Add butter and a spoonful of sour cream mixture and mix on medium speed until flour is moistened. Increase speed and beat for 30 seconds. Add remaining sour cream mixture in two batches, beating for 20 seconds after each addition, and scraping down the sides of bowl with a spatula. Scoop out about 1/2 cup batter and set aside.\
4. Scrape remaining batter into prepared pan. Spoon rhubarb over batter. Dollop set-aside batter over rhubarb; it does not have to be even.\
5. Using your fingers, break topping mixture into big crumbs, about 1/2 inch to 3/4 inch in size. They do not have to be uniform, but make sure most are around that size. Sprinkle over cake. Bake cake until a toothpick inserted into center comes out clean of batter (it might be moist from rhubarb), 45 to 55 minutes. Cool completely before serving.\
*
\f1\fs46 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd4\expndtw20
Not rhubarb season? Don\'92t fret. I think this cake would be amazing with a blueberry, raspberry, sour cherry or any other tangy fruit filling you can think of. Simply adjust the sugar level accordingly\'96most of these will need far less than rhubarb does to make them palatable.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa300\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs76 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
}