{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red84\green84\blue84;\red51\green51\blue51;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl520\sa80\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs66 \cf0 Sausage, Egg and Cheese Strata\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\fs40 \cf2 Yield:  \cf0 8 servings\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\ql\qnatural

\fs54 \cf0 INGREDIENTS\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0\fs50 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}2 cups fat-free milk\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 large eggs\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 egg whites\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}2 scallions, thinly sliced\
{\listtext	\'95	}One 8-ounce loaf whole-wheat Italian bread, cut into 1-inch cubes\
{\listtext	\'95	}One 7-ounce package frozen fully-cooked turkey sausage patties, thawed and coarsely chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup reduced-fat shredded 4-cheese Italian cheese blend\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\ql\qnatural

\b\fs54 \cf0 DIRECTIONS\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa160\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs50 \cf3 Spray a 9-by-13-inch baking dish with cooking spray. \uc0\u8232 Whisk together the milk, salt, cayenne, eggs, egg whites and scallions in a large bowl. Stir in the bread cubes and sausage and let stand 15 minutes, stirring occasionally. \u8232 Spoon the bread mixture into the baking dish. Cover and refrigerate at least 8 hours or overnight. \u8232 Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. \u8232 Remove the casserole from the refrigerator and let stand 10 minutes. Evenly sprinkle the cheese over the top and bake uncovered until puffed and golden, and a knife inserted in the center comes out clean, about 45 minutes. Let stand 5 minutes before serving. 
\b \uc0\u8232 }