{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16920\viewh15720\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs54 \cf0 Souffled Pumpkin Pancake
\f1\b0\fs34 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\b \cf2 Serves: 
\b0 \cf0 4 to 6 servings\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs38 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs40 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs38 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}5 tablespoons butter\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon brown sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/pecan/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 pecan}} halves\
{\listtext	\'95	}2/3 cup all-purpose flour\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon pumpkin pie spice\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/3 cup sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 teaspoon salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/eggs/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 eggs}}, separated\
{\listtext	\'95	}2/3 cup buttermilk\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/4 teaspoons {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/extracts/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 vanilla extract}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup pumpkin puree\
{\listtext	\'95	}Confectioners' sugar, for dusting\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/maple-syrup/index.html"}}{\fldrslt Maple syrup}}\cf0 , for serving\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs40 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs38 \cf0 Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.\
\
Melt 2 tablespoons butter in a 10-inch skillet over medium-low heat. Add the brown sugar and stir until the sugar begins to {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/melt/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 melt}}. Add the pecans and cook for 2 more minutes. Transfer the pecan mixture to a small dish and set aside. Reserve the skillet for the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/pancake/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 pancake}}.\
In a small bowl mix together the flour, pumpkin {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/pie/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 pie}} spice, sugar and salt. Set aside.\
Melt the remaining 3 tablespoons of butter. In a large bowl, add egg yolks, buttermilk, vanilla and melted butter and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/whisk/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 whisk}} until blended. Gradually whisk in flour mixture. Stir in the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/pumpkin/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 pumpkin}} puree.\
Beat the egg whites until soft peaks form and gently fold into the pumpkin mixture. Gently spoon the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/batter/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 batter}} into the reserved skillet. Sprinkle the top of the pancake mixture with the reserved pecan mixture. Bake for 20 to 30 minutes or until golden brown.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/dust/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Dust}} the pancake with confectioners' sugar. Cut into wedges and serve with maple syrup.\
}