{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green101\blue14;\red71\green155\blue220;\red61\green63\blue63;
}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16960\viewh18680\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs46 \cf2 Sour Cream Waffles\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa160\ql\qnatural

\b\fs40 \cf3 INGREDIENTS\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf4 Makes 3 or 4 large (7 x 7-inch) waffles; serves 4 to 6.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf4 		5 large eggs\
		1/2 cup sugar\
		1 cup all-purpose flour\
		1 teaspoon coarse salt\
		1/2 teaspoon ground ginger, cinnamon, or cardamom\
		1 cup sour cream\
		4 tablespoons (1/2 stick) unsalted butter, melted and cooled\
		vegetable oil or extra melted butter, for the waffle iron\
		1 cup berries, fresh or frozen and heated before serving\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
\cf4 	
\b \cf3 \
DIRECTIONS\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\b0\fs38 \cf4 	     Beat the eggs and sugar together for 5 to 8 minutes. When the beater is lifted, it should trail a ribbon of batter.\
		Whisk together the flour, salt, and spice. With a spoon, alternately fold into the batter half of the flour mixture. the sour cream, and finally the remaining flour mixture. Lightly stir in the melted butter. Let the batter sit for 10 minutes.\
	     Heat a nonstick or well-seasoned waffle iron to medium high. Brush lightly with oil or melted butter. Pour in 1 1/4 cups batter and cook until golden, 2 1/2 to 3 minutes per side for a stovetop waffle iron. An electric waffle iron will beep when ready. Serve with fresh berries or berry sauce on top.\
}