{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww20500\viewh20240\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs50 \cf0 Big Ole Tex-Mex Burrito Omelet
\f1\b0\fs30 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\b \cf2 Serves: 
\b0 \cf0 4 servings\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs28 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}For the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sauce/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Sauce}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 pound tomatillos, husked, rinsed and quartered\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 medium Vidalia onion, quartered\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 jalapeno pepper, halved\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/salt/index.html"}}{\fldrslt Kosher salt}}\cf0  and freshly ground black pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 small bunch fresh {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cilantro/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cilantro}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}For the Omelets\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 link Mexican chorizo {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/casing/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 casing}} removed\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon ground cumin\
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/pinch/index.html"}}{\fldrslt Pinch}}\cf0  of {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cayenne-pepper/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cayenne pepper}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}Pinch of {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/paprika/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 paprika}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup mixed canned beans (pinto, cannellini and/or black {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/beans/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 beans}}), drained and rinsed\
{\listtext	\'95	}Kosher salt and freshly\
{\listtext	\'95	}ground black pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 green bell pepper, chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}8 large eggs, beaten\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/milk/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 milk}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon unsalted butter\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup shredded pepper {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/jack-cheese/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 jack cheese}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}Mexican crema or {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sour-cream/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 sour cream}}, thinned with half-and-half, for garnish\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 plum tomato, seeded and chopped, for {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/garnish/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 garnish}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 Make the sauce: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Toss the tomatillos, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/onion/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 onion}}, jalapeno and olive oil on a baking sheet and season with salt and black pepper. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/roast/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Roast}} until browned, about 45 minutes. Puree in a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/blender/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 blender}} with the cilantro, thinning with water as needed. Season with salt.\
Meanwhile, prepare the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/omelet/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 omelet}}: Cook the chorizo in a large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat until {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/crisp/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 crisp}}, breaking it up, 4 to 5 minutes. Transfer to a paper-towel-lined plate. Stir the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cumin/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cumin}}, cayenne and paprika into the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/drippings/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 drippings}} in the skillet. Add the beans and saute until soft, about 5 minutes. Season with salt and black pepper, then add the bell pepper and cook 1 to 2 more minutes. Transfer to a bowl.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/whisk/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Whisk}} the eggs and milk in another bowl. Wipe out the skillet, reduce the heat to medium and add 1/2 tablespoon butter. Pour half of the egg mixture into the skillet and cook until the center is no longer liquid, loosening the edges with a rubber spatula and tilting the skillet to let the uncooked egg run underneath. Shake the pan to loosen the omelet, then spoon half of the bean mixture, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/chorizo/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 chorizo}} and cheese down the center. Fold in both sides to cover the filling, then {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/flip/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 flip}} the omelet so it is seam-side down and cook 1 more minute. Repeat with the remaining butter, egg mixture and fillings to make another omelet. Top with the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/tomatillo/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 tomatillo}} sauce and garnish with the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/crema/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 crema}} and tomato.}