{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;\red61\green61\blue61;\red6\green124\blue174;
}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11500\viewh10500\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Waffles with Fresh Strawberry Syrup\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs34 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 8 to 10 (4-inch) waffles
\fs32 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\fs34 \cf0 \

\f0\b\fs50 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs48 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}2 cups {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/flour/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 all-purpose flour}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 teaspoons baking powder\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 large eggs, separated\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 cups whole milk\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 tablespoons (1/2 stick) {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/butter/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 unsalted butter}}, melted\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/extracts/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 vanilla extract}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}Nonstick cooking spray, optional\
{\listtext	\'95	}Strawberry Syrup, recipe follows\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs50 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs48 \cf0 Preheat a waffle iron according to the manufacturer\'92s instructions.\'a0Into a medium bowl, sift the flour, baking powder, and salt.\
In a separate bowl, beat together the egg yolks and sugar until the sugar is completely dissolved and eggs have turned a pale yellow. Add the milk, melted butter, and vanilla extract and whisk to combine. Add the flour mixture to the egg-milk mixture and whisk just until blended. Do not overmix.\'a0In a third bowl, beat the egg whites with an electric mixer until soft peaks form, about 1 minute.Using a rubber {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/spatula/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 spatula}}, gently fold the egg whites into the waffle batter, being careful not to overmix.\'a0Coat the waffle iron with nonstick {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cooking-spray/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cooking spray}}, if required, and pour enough batter in the iron to just cover the waffle grid. Close and cook as per the manufacturer's instructions until golden brown, 2 to 3 minutes. (Do not open the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/waffle-iron/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 waffle iron}} for at least 1 minute.) Repeat with the remaining {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/batter/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 batter}}.\
Serve immediately with Strawberry Syrup spooned over the top of each waffle.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs46 \cf3 Fresh {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/strawberry/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 Strawberry}} Syrup:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl460\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs48 \cf3 {\listtext	\'95	}1 pound fresh strawberries, hulled and diced, or thawed frozen unsweetened {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/strawberry/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 strawberries}} (about 3 cups)\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 tablespoons fresh {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/orange/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 orange juice}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon finely grated {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/zest/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 orange zest}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl460\sa180\ql\qnatural
\cf3 In a medium {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/saucepan/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 saucepan}}, combine all the ingredients and bring to a boil. Lower the heat and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/simmer/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 simmer}} until the strawberries are soft and the syrup is thickened and reduced by one-third to one-half in volume, 15 to 18 minutes.\
Remove from the heat and let cool to room temperature before serving. (If thinner syrup is desired, strain the hot syrup through a fine mesh {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/strainer/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 strainer}} into a clean container and let cool.)\

\fs36 Yield: 2 1/2 cups
\fs58 \cf0 \
}