{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13720\viewh19340\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Red Berry Trifle\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs32 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 6 to 8 servings\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs38 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 Plain Pound Cake, recipe follows\
   \'95	1 cup good raspberry jam\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/framboise/index.html"}}{\fldrslt Framboise}}\cf0 \
{\listtext	\'95	}2 half-pints fresh {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/raspberry/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 raspberries}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 pint fresh {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/strawberry/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 strawberries}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}Cognac Cream, recipe follows\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 cups cold heavy cream\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons pure vanilla extract\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 Cut the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/pound-cake/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 pound cake}} into 9 (3/4-inch) slices and spread each slice on 1 side with {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/raspberry/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 raspberry}} {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/jam/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 jam}}, using all the jam. Set aside.\
Place a layer of cake, jam side up, in the bottom of a 2 1/2-to 3-quart glass serving bowl, cutting the pieces to fit. Sprinkle with Framboise. Top with a layer of raspberries and strawberries and Cognac Cream. Repeat the layers of cake sprinkled with Framboise, raspberries, strawberries and Cognac Cream, ending with a third layer of cake jam side down and raspberries and strawberries.\
Whip the heavy cream in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/whisk/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 whisk}} attachment. When it starts to thicken, add the sugar and vanilla and continue to whip until it forms stiff peaks. Decorate the trifle with {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cream/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 whipped cream}}. The {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/trifle/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 trifle}} can sit for a while at room temperature.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Plain Pound Cake:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1/2 pound (2 sticks) unsalted butter, at room temperature\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 cups granulated sugar, divided\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 extra-large eggs, at room temperature\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 cups {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/flour/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 all-purpose flour}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon baking powder\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/baking-soda/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 baking soda}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon kosher salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}3/4 cup buttermilk, at room temperature\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon pure {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/extracts/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 vanilla extract}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/grease/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Grease}} and flour 2 (8 1/2 by 4 1/2 by 2 1/2-inch) loaf pans. Line the bottoms with parchment paper.\
Cream the butter and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sugar/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 granulated sugar}} in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment for about 5 minutes, or until light and fluffy. With the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/mixer/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 mixer}} on medium speed, beat in the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/eggs/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 eggs}}, 1 at a time.\
In a large bowl, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sift/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 sift}} together the flour, baking powder, baking soda, and salt. In another bowl, combine the buttermilk and vanilla. Add the flour and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/buttermilk/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 buttermilk}} mixtures alternately to the batter, beginning and ending with the flour. Divide the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/batter/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 batter}} evenly between the pans, smooth the tops, and bake for 45 minutes to 1 hour, until a cake tester comes out clean.\
When the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cake/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cakes}} are done, let them cool for 10 minutes. Take them out of the pans, place them on a baking rack and allow them to cool completely. Wrap well, and store in the refrigerator.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cognac/index.html"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\b\fs44 \cf2 Cognac}}
\f0\b\fs44  Cream:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls3\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}3 cups milk\
{\listtext	\'95	}10 extra-large egg yolks, at room temperature\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 tablespoons sifted cornstarch\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon Cognac\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/butter/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 unsalted butter}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cream/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 heavy cream}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Heat the milk in a medium stainless-steel {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/saucepan/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 saucepan}} over medium heat and bring almost to a boil. Remove from the heat.\
Beat the egg yolks and sugar on medium-high speed in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment until pale and thick, about 5 minutes. With the mixer on low speed, sprinkle on the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cornstarch/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cornstarch}}. Beat on medium-low speed until combined, scraping down the bowl with a rubber {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/spatula/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 spatula}}.\
With the mixer on low speed, slowly pour the hot milk mixture into the egg mixture. Pour the mixture back into the pan. Cook over low heat, stirring constantly, until the mixture thickens, 5 to 7 minutes. (Pay attention because it will thicken and then quickly become scrambled eggs!)\
Immediately, pour the mixture through a fine {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sieve/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 sieve}} into a large bowl. Stir in the vanilla, Cognac, butter, and heavy cream. Place {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/plastic-wrap/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 plastic wrap}} directly on the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/custard/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 custard}} and refrigerate until cold.\
}