{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red187\green0\blue54;\red61\green61\blue61;\red6\green124\blue174;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\li280\ri1000\sl660\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs62 \cf2 50 Kebabs
\fs56 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa280\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs44 \cf3 How to make kebabs:
\fs36 \uc0\u8232 
\fs44 1. Cut the ingredients into similar-size pieces and prepare as the recipe directs. If marinating, refrigerate 1 hour for fish and up to overnight for meat and poultry.
\b0 \

\b 2. Preheat a grill to high. Thread the ingredients onto skewers.
\b0 \

\b 3. Grill the kebabs, turning, until the ingredients are charred and cooked to desired doneness, 3 to 15 minutes.
\b0 \

\b If you're using wooden skewers, soak them in water for 20 minutes before grilling.
\b0 \
1. 
\b Steakhouse
\b0  Marinate cubed beef tri-tip in 3 tablespoons olive oil and 1 tablespoon each soy sauce, Worcestershire sauce, chopped parsley and thyme; add salt and pepper. Skewer with onion, mushroom and boiled potato; grill.\
2. 
\b Korean Beef
\b0  Marinate thinly sliced short ribs and scallion pieces in 1/3 cup each sugar and white wine, 3 tablespoons sesame oil, 1/2 cup soy sauce, 2 crushed garlic cloves and 1 grated Asian pear. Skewer so the meat lies flat; grill.\
3. 
\b Beef Kefta
\b0  Mix 1 pound ground beef, 2 minced shallots, 3 minced garlic cloves, 1/2 cup chopped parsley, 2 teaspoons each cumin, coriander, paprika and dried mint, and 1/2 teaspoon cinnamon. Form 1-inch balls; skewer and grill.\
4. 
\b Stuffed Peppers
\b0  Make Beef Kefta mix (No. 3), adding 1/2 cup chopped olives. Pack into hollowed baby bell peppers, skewer and brush with olive oil. Grill; add salt and baste with lemon juice.\
5. 
\b Herbed Beef
\b0  Marinate cubed beef tri-tip in 1/2 cup olive oil, a smashed garlic clove, a pinch each of salt and red pepper flakes, and torn mixed herbs. Skewer and grill.\cf4 \
\cf3 6. 
\b Beef Satay
\b0  Marinate thinly sliced flank steak in 2 tablespoons each lime juice and fish sauce, 1 tablespoon each sugar and hot chili sauce, and 3 tablespoons cilantro. Skewer and grill. Top with peanut sauce and peanuts.\
7. 
\b Chili Beef
\b0  Toss cubed beef tri-tip with 3 tablespoons each brown sugar and chili powder, 1 tablespoon salt, and 1/2 teaspoon each fresh thyme and pepper; marinate. Skewer and grill, basting with a mix of 1/4 cup each cider vinegar and brown sugar, and\uc0\u8232 1 teaspoon chili powder.\cf4 \
\cf3 8. 
\b Bacon-Beef
\b0  Boil bacon strips 5 minutes, then cut into pieces. Skewer cubed beef tri-tip, onion and bell pepper with cherry tomatoes and the bacon; season with salt and pepper. Grill, basting with a mix of equal parts barbecue sauce and olive oil.\
9. 
\b Hungarian Beef
\b0  Marinate cubed beef tri-tip in 1/2 cup olive oil, 2 smashed garlic cloves, a pinch of salt, 1/2 teaspoon paprika and 2 teaspoons crushed caraway seeds. Skewer with chunks of onion and bell pepper and grill.\cf4 \
\cf3 10. 
\b Buccaneer Pork
\b0  Boil 1 cup water, 3 tablespoons each salt and brown sugar, 2 teaspoons pickling spices and 4 garlic cloves. Add 1 cup rum, then cool. Add cubed pork tenderloin and marinate. Skewer with pineapple. Grill, basting with bottled jerk sauce.\
11. 
\b BBQ Pork
\b0  Skewer cubed pork loin and grill, mopping with barbecue sauce.\
12. 
\b Cajun Pork
\b0  Rub cubed pork loin with 3 tablespoons brown sugar and 2 tablespoons Cajun seasoning; marinate. Skewer and grill, basting with a mix of 1/4 cup each cider vinegar and brown sugar.\
13. 
\b Curry Pork
\b0  Puree 2/3 cup coconut milk, 1 tablespoon each Thai curry paste and lime juice, 3 tablespoons peanut butter, and salt. Marinate cubed pork loin in half the sauce. Skewer and grill; serve with the rest of the sauce.\
14. 
\b Fennel Pork
\b0  Sprinkle cubed pork loin with ground fennel seeds and salt and brush with olive oil. Skewer with bell pepper chunks. Grill, basting with lemon juice.\
15. 
\b Squash-Pork
\b0  Skewer cubed pork loin and parboiled butternut squash; season with coriander. Grill, mopping with a mix of 2 tablespoons sherry vinegar, 1/4 cup maple syrup, and chipotle hot sauce and salt to taste.\
16. 
\b Thai Pork
\b0  Mix 1 pound ground pork, 3 tablespoons each chopped mint, cilantro and basil, 1 minced shallot, 1 minced hot chile and 2 tablespoons each fish sauce and lime juice. Form into 2-inch ovals; skewer and grill.\
17. 
\b Sesame Pork
\b0  Mix 1 pound ground pork, 2 chopped scallions, 2 teaspoons each soy sauce, grated garlic and grated ginger, and 1/2 teaspoon each sesame oil and salt. Roll 1-inch balls in sesame seeds, then skewer and grill.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural
\cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa280\ql\qnatural
\cf3 18. 
\b Rosemary Lamb
\b0  Marinate cubed lamb leg in 1/2 cup olive oil, the juice of 1 lemon, some fresh rosemary and 3 smashed garlic cloves; add salt and pepper. Skewer with zucchini and grill.\
19. 
\b Classic Lamb
\b0  Toss cubed lamb leg with 1 grated onion, 1/3 cup olive oil, and salt and pepper. Skewer with lemon slices, onion and bell pepper; grill.\
20. 
\b Indian Lamb
\b0  Marinate cubed lamb leg in 1 cup plain yogurt, 1/2 cup each minced onion and cilantro, 2 tablespoons garam masala and 1 1/4 teaspoons salt. Skewer and grill; top with chutney.\
21. 
\b Moroccan Lamb
\b0  Mash 3 garlic cloves, 1 tablespoon coriander seeds and 1 teaspoon each cumin, paprika and salt into a paste. Mix with 1 stick softened butter and rub onto cubed lamb leg. Skewer and grill.\
22. 
\b Lamb Dolmades
\b0  Make Beef Kefta (No. 3) with ground lamb; wrap in grape leaves and skewer. Brush with olive oil and grill.\
23. 
\b Israeli Lamb
\b0  Mix 1 pound ground lamb with 1 cup each minced onion and chopped parsley and 2 teaspoons each paprika, salt and pepper. Form into 2-inch ovals; skewer and grill.\
24. 
\b Meatloaf
\b0  Form your favorite meatloaf mix into 2-inch ovals. Skewer and grill, basting with a mix of tomato sauce and olive oil.\
25. 
\b Chicken Nicoise
\b0  Toss cubed chicken breast and pancetta, olives and cherry tomatoes with olive oil, oregano and salt. Skewer and grill.\
26. 
\b Jerk Chicken
\b0  Marinate whole chicken thighs and pineapple chunks in 2 tablespoons jerk seasoning, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil and 2 teaspoons lime juice. Thread on double skewers; grill.\
27. 
\b Chicken Fajita
\b0  Puree 1/2 cup olive oil, a handful of cilantro, 2 seeded jalapenos, 2 garlic cloves and salt; add cubed chicken breast and marinate. Skewer with onion and poblano pieces. Grill, basting with lime juice.\
28. 
\b Chicken Liver
\b0  Soak chicken livers in milk 1 hour; drain and pat dry. Skewer with bacon chunks and peeled cipollini onions. Season with salt and pepper; grill.\
29. 
\b Chicken Sausage
\b0  Toss quartered peaches with vegetable oil, fresh thyme and salt. Skewer with cooked chicken sausage; grill.\
30. 
\b Smoky Chicken
\b0  Toss cubed chicken breast with barbecue sauce, salt and minced chipotles in adobo sauce. Skewer and grill.\
31. 
\b Chicken Caesar
\b0  Mix 1 pound ground chicken, 2 tablespoons Caesar dressing, 1/2 cup parmesan, 1/4 cup breadcrumbs and 1 teaspoon lemon zest. Form into ovals, skewer and grill. Serve on romaine leaves with bread and more dressing.\
32. 
\b Curry Chicken
\b0  Mix 2/3 cup coconut milk, 3 tablespoons peanut butter, 1 tablespoon each Thai curry paste and lime juice, and salt. Marinate cubed chicken thighs in half the sauce. Skewer with bell pepper chunks. Grill, basting with the remaining sauce.\
33. 
\b Chicken Tikka
\b0  Marinate cubed chicken thighs in 1 cup yogurt, 2 tablespoons garam masala, 1/2 cup chopped cilantro, 1 1/2 teaspoons each grated garlic and ginger, 1 tablespoon lime juice, and salt and cayenne. Skewer and grill. Serve with yogurt mixed with lime juice.\
34. 
\b Chicken Teriyaki
\b0  Marinate cubed chicken thighs in 1/4 cup teriyaki sauce and 1 tablespoon vegetable oil. Skewer and grill.\
35. 
\b Turkey Meatball
\b0  Heat 1/3 cup cranberry sauce, 1 1/2 tablespoons each barbecue sauce and water, 2 teaspoons cider vinegar, and salt. Mix 1 pound ground turkey, 1/4 pound ground bacon, and salt. Form into balls, skewer and grill, brushing with the sauce.\
36. 
\b Dill Salmon
\b0  Marinate cubed wild salmon in olive oil and chopped dill. Skewer and grill.\
37. 
\b Hoisin Salmon
\b0  Marinate cubed wild salmon in 3 tablespoons hoisin sauce and 1 tablespoon each soy sauce, rice wine, honey and olive oil. Skewer with scallion pieces and grill.\
38. 
\b Greek Shrimp
\b0  Marinate large shrimp in olive oil and chopped marjoram, dill and garlic. Skewer with grape tomatoes and lemon slices. Grill, then top with feta.\
39. 
\b Sesame Shrimp
\b0  Toss shrimp with 1 1/2 tablespoons each olive oil and water, 2 teaspoons each rice vinegar, toasted sesame seeds and soy sauce, and 1/2 teaspoon sesame oil. Skewer and grill.\
40. 
\b Chorizo-Shrimp
\b0  Marinate large shrimp and sliced chorizo in 1/4 cup each olive oil and minced roasted red pepper, 1 tablespoon cognac and some minced parsley and garlic. Wrap the shrimp around the chorizo, skewer and grill.\
41. 
\b Chipotle Shrimp
\b0  Mix 1/4 cup barbecue sauce, the juice of 1/2 orange, 3 tablespoons minced chipotles in adobo sauce and salt. Reserve a quarter of the mixture; marinate shrimp in the rest. Skewer and grill, basting with the reserved mixture.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural
\cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa280\ql\qnatural
\cf3 42. 
\b Scallop-Bacon
\b0  Boil bacon strips 5 minutes, then cut into pieces. Toss scallops with 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 teaspoon smoked paprika and salt. Skewer with lemon slices and bacon; grill.\
43. 
\b Mackerel a la Plancha
\b0  Skewer 4-inch pieces scored mackerel fillets. Brush with olive oil, season with salt and grill. Sprinkle with smoked paprika and serve with lemon wedges.\
44. 
\b Swordfish Rolls
\b0  Sprinkle thin swordfish slices with lemon juice, parsley, salt and pepper. Lay thinly sliced zucchini on top, roll up and wrap with sage leaves. Skewer with sliced lemon and tomato; brush with olive oil and grill.\
45. 
\b Veggie
\b0  Marinate zucchini, eggplant and bell pepper chunks in olive oil, thyme, rosemary and garlic. Skewer and grill, basting with lemon juice. Season with salt.\
46. 
\b Veggie Souvlaki
\b0  Mash 3 garlic cloves, 1 tablespoon each coriander seeds and olive oil, and 1 teaspoon each cumin, paprika and salt into a paste. Brush on zucchini, eggplant and bell pepper chunks. Skewer and grill.\
47. 
\b Curried Cauliflower
\b0  Toss cauliflower florets with olive oil, curry powder and salt. Skewer and grill over indirect heat, covered.\
48. 
\b Haloumi
\b0  Marinate cubed haloumi cheese in 1/4 cup olive oil, 1/2 cup chopped parsley, 3 minced garlic cloves, and 2 teaspoons each cumin, coriander, paprika and dried mint. Skewer with scallion pieces and grill.\
49. 
\b Hoisin Tofu
\b0  Make Hoisin Salmon (No. 37) with extra-firm tofu instead of salmon.\
50. 
\b Prosciutto-Fig
\b0  Wrap halved figs in prosciutto. Season with pepper, skewer and grill.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li280\ri1000\sl660\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs74 \cf2 \
}