{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red61\green61\blue61;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12220\viewh20240\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri1000\sl500\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs64 \cf2 50 Smoothies\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa280\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs48 \cf2 1. 
\b Banana
\b0  Blend 2 bananas, 1/2 cup each vanilla yogurt and milk, 2 teaspoons honey, a pinch of cinnamon and 1 cup ice.\
2. 
\b Strawberry-Banana
\b0  Blend 1 banana, 1 cup strawberries, 1/2 cup each vanilla yogurt and milk, 2 teaspoons honey, a pinch of cinnamon and 1 cup ice.\
3. 
\b Strawberry Shortcake
\b0  Blend 2 cups strawberries, 1 cup crumbled pound cake, 1 1/2 cups each milk and ice, and sugar to taste. Top with whipped cream and more strawberries.\
4. 
\b Triple-Berry Blend
\b0  1 1/2 cups mixed blackberries, strawberries and raspberries with 1 cup each milk and ice, and sugar to taste.\
5. 
\b Raspberry-Orange
\b0  Blend 1 cup each orange juice and raspberries, 1/2 cup plain yogurt, 1 cup ice, and sugar to taste.\
6. 
\b Peach-Mango-Banana
\b0  Blend 1 cup each chopped fresh or frozen peaches and mango, 1 cup each plain yogurt and ice, 1/2 banana, and sugar to taste.\
7. 
\b Honeydew-Almond
\b0  Blend 2 cups chopped honeydew melon, 1 cup each almond milk and ice, and honey to taste.\
8. 
\b Cantaloupe
\b0  Blend 2 cups chopped cantaloupe, the juice of 1/2 lime, 3 tablespoons sugar, 1/2 cup water and 1 cup ice.\
9. 
\b Carrot-Apple
\b0  Blend 1 cup each carrot juice and apple juice with 1 1/2 cups ice.\
10. 
\b Spa Cucumber
\b0  Peel, seed and chop 2 medium cucumbers. Blend with the juice of 1 lime, 1/2 cup water, 1 cup ice and 3 to 4 tablespoons sugar or honey.\
11. 
\b Kiwi-Strawberry
\b0  Blend 1 cup strawberries, 2 peeled kiwis, 2 tablespoons sugar and 2 cups ice.\
12. 
\b Cherry-Vanilla
\b0  Blend 1 1/2 cups frozen pitted cherries, 1 1/4 cups milk, 3 tablespoons sugar, 1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1/4 teaspoon almond extract, a pinch of salt and 1 cup ice.\
13. 
\b Tangerine-Honey
\b0  Peel and seed 4 tangerines, then blend with the juice of 2 limes, 1/4 cup honey and 1 cup ice.\
14. 
\b Apricot-Almond
\b0  Blend 1 1/2 cups apricot nectar, 1/2 cup vanilla yogurt, 2 tablespoons almond butter and 1 cup ice.\
15. 
\b Grape
\b0  Blend 2 cups seedless red grapes with 1 cup concord grape juice and 1 1/2 cups ice.\
16. 
\b Blueberry-Pear
\b0  Blend 1 1/2 cups frozen blueberries, 1 chopped pear, 1 1/2 cups each maple or plain yogurt and ice, and sugar to taste.\
17. 
\b Banana-Date-Lime
\b0  Blend 2 bananas, 3/4 cup chopped pitted dates, the juice of 1 lime and 1 1/2 cups each soy milk and ice.\
18. 
\b Peach-Ginger
\b0  Blend 2 cups frozen sliced peaches, 1 1/2 cups buttermilk, 3 tablespoons brown sugar and 1 tablespoon grated fresh ginger.\
19. 
\b Grapefruit
\b0  Peel and seed 2 grapefruits, then blend with 3 to 4 tablespoons sugar and 1 cup ice. Sprinkle with cinnamon.\
20. 
\b Pomegranate-Cherry
\b0  Blend 1 cup frozen pitted cherries, 3/4 cup pomegranate juice, 1/2 cup plain yogurt, 1 tablespoon honey, 1 teaspoon lemon juice, a pinch each of cinnamon and salt, and 2 cups ice.\
21. 
\b Chai
\b0  Blend 1 1/2 cups chai tea concentrate with 1 cup each milk and ice. Sprinkle with chai spice or ground cinnamon.\
22. 
\b Blueberry-Banana
\b0  Blend 1 banana, 1 cup blueberries, 1/2 cup unsweetened coconut milk, 1 tablespoon each honey and lime juice, 1/4 teaspoon almond extract and 1 cup ice.\
23. 
\b Creamy Pineapple
\b0  Blend 2 cups chopped pineapple, 1/2 cup cottage cheese, 1/4 cup milk, 2 teaspoons honey, 1/4 teaspoon vanilla, a pinch each of nutmeg and salt, and 2 cups ice.\
24. 
\b Watermelon
\b0  Freeze 3 cups cubed seeded watermelon until hard. Blend with 1 cup cubed fresh seeded watermelon, the juice of 1 lime, 1/4 cup sugar and 1 cup water.\
25. 
\b Pineapple-Coconut
\b0  Freeze about 2 cups coconut water in 1 or 2 ice-cube trays. Blend 2 cups each chopped pineapple and coconut ice cubes, 1 1/2 tablespoons lime juice, 1 tablespoon honey and 1/2 cup coconut water.\
26. 
\b Apple-Ginger
\b0  Blend 1 chopped peeled apple, a 1/2-inch piece peeled ginger, the juice of 2 limes, 1/4 cup honey, 1 cup water and 2 cups ice.\
27. 
\b Black Raspberry\'96Vanilla
\b0  Blend 1 pint blackberries, 1/2 cup raspberries, 1 cup vanilla yogurt and 1 tablespoon honey.\
28. 
\b Creamsicle
\b0  Blend 3/4 cup frozen orange or orange-tangerine concentrate with 1/2 cup cold water and 1 cup each vanilla ice cream and ice.\
29. 
\b Mango-Acai
\b0  Blend two 4-ounce packages frozen acai berry puree, 1 cup chopped mango, 1/2 cup orange juice and 2 cups ice.\
30. 
\b Spiced Pumpkin
\b0  Blend 1/2 cup each pumpkin puree and silken tofu, 3 1/2 tablespoons brown sugar, 1 cup milk, 1/2 teaspoon pumpkin pie spice, a pinch of salt and 1 cup ice.\
31. 
\b Mexican Coffee
\b0  Blend 1/2 cup chilled espresso or strong coffee, 1/2 cup milk or almond milk, 3 1/2 tablespoons brown sugar, 1/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1/8 teaspoon almond extract and 1 1/2 cups ice.\
32. 
\b Vietnamese Coffee
\b0  Blend 1/2 cup chilled espresso or strong coffee, 1/4 cup sweetened condensed milk and 1 1/2 cups ice. Top with chocolate shavings and/or chocolate syrup.\
33. 
\b Banana PB&J
\b0  Blend 1 frozen banana with 1 cup soy milk, 1/4 cup each creamy peanut butter and wheat germ, and 2 tablespoons seedless strawberry or raspberry jelly.\
34. 
\b Peanut Butter\'96Apple
\b0  Blend 1 chopped peeled apple, 3 tablespoons creamy peanut butter, 2 tablespoons flax seeds, 1 1/2 cups each soy milk and ice, and honey to taste.\
35. 
\b Pomegranate-Berry
\b0  Blend 1 cup blueberries, 3/4 cup each beet juice and pomegranate juice, 1 cup ice, and honey to taste.\
36. 
\b Cucumber-Kale
\b0  Blend 1 1/4 cups vegetable juice, 1/2 peeled cucumber, 3 kale leaves and the juice of 1/2 lemon.\
37. 
\b Pineapple-Mango
\b0  Blend 1 cup each chopped pineapple and mango, 1 cup coconut water, a dash of ground allspice and 1 cup ice. Sprinkle with toasted coconut.\
38. 
\b Peanut Butter\'96Banana
\b0  Blend 1 banana, 1 cup vanilla yogurt, 1/2 cup creamy peanut butter, 1/3 cup milk, 2 tablespoons malted milk powder, 1/2 teaspoon cocoa powder, a pinch of salt and 2 cups ice.\
39. 
\b Green Tea\'96Almond
\b0  Brew 1 1/2 cups extra-strong green tea; cool completely. Blend with 1/3 cup almonds, 1/4 cup honey and 1 cup ice.\
40. 
\b Chocolate-Banana
\b0  Blend 1 banana, 1 cup chocolate ice cream, 1/2 cup milk, a pinch of salt and 1/2 cup ice.\
41. 
\b Chocolate-Raspberry
\b0  Blend 1 cup each chocolate ice cream and raspberries, 2 tablespoons sugar and 3/4 cup each milk and ice.\
42. 
\b Strawberry-Maple
\b0  Blend 2 cups strawberries, 1 1/2 cups milk, 1/4 cup each maple syrup and wheat germ, a dash of ground cinnamon and 1 1/2 cups ice.\
43. 
\b Chocolate Chip Cookie
\b0  Blend 1 cup each vanilla ice cream, milk and crumbled chocolate chip cookies with 1/4 cup mini chocolate chips. Top with a cookie.\
44. 
\b Oatmeal Cookie
\b0  Blend 1 cup each vanilla ice cream, milk and crumbled oatmeal cookies with a pinch of ground cinnamon. Top with a cookie.\
45. 
\b Birthday Cake
\b0  Blend 1 1/2 cups vanilla ice cream, 1 crumbled vanilla cupcake (unfrosted), 1 cup milk and 1/4 teaspoon almond extract. Top with sprinkles.\
46. 
\b Black and White
\b0  Blend 3/4 cup each vanilla ice cream and chocolate ice cream with 1 cup milk and 3 crumbled chocolate sandwich cookies. Top with a cookie.\
47. 
\b Lemon\'96Poppy
\b0  Seed Blend 2 teaspoons poppy seeds, the zest and juice of 1/2 lemon, 1 cup plain yogurt, 1/3 cup sugar and 1/2 cup each milk and ice.\
48. 
\b Apple-Spinach
\b0  Blend 2 cups spinach, 1 chopped peeled apple, 1/2 cup silken tofu, 1/4 cup each soy milk and orange juice, 1 tablespoon each wheat germ, honey and lemon juice, and 1 cup ice.\
49. 
\b Veggie
\b0  Blend 1 1/4 cups tomato juice, 1/4 cup carrot juice, 1/2 peeled cucumber, 1/2 celery stalk, 1/4 cup each parsley and spinach, and 1/2 cup ice.\
50. 
\b Mint-Jalapeno
\b0  Blend 1/3 cup fresh mint, 1 seeded jalapeno pepper, 2 1/2 tablespoons honey, a pinch of salt and 2 cups each plain yogurt and ice. Top with toasted cumin seeds and cilantro.\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
}