{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17120\viewh19920\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl500\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs54 \cf0 Antipasto Calzone
\f1\b0\fs34 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260\ql\qnatural

\b \cf2 Serves: 
\b0 \cf0 4 to 6 servings\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs38 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl420\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}All-purpose flour, for dusting\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 (13 to 16-ounce) ball pizza dough (recipe below)\
{\listtext	\'95	}Cornmeal, for dusting\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 cups (8 ounces) shredded provolone cheese\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 cups (8 ounces) shredded fontina cheese* see Cook's Note\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 (4-ounce) salami, diced into 1/2-inch pieces\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 jarred roasted red bell peppers, drained and cut into 1-inch pieces (about 1 cup)\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup coarsely chopped kalamata olives\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil, plus more for drizzling\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 egg, beaten\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 Serving suggestion: warm marinara sauce\
Put an oven rack in the center of the oven. Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F.\
On a lightly floured work surface, roll out the dough into a 13-inch diameter circle, about 1/4-inch thick. Transfer the dough to a heavy baking sheet dusted with cornmeal.\
In a medium bowl, combine the cheeses, salami, peppers, olives, and 1/4 cup olive oil. Put the cheese mixture on 1 side of the dough leaving a 1-inch border. Using a pastry brush, lightly brush the edges of the dough with the beaten egg. Fold the unfilled side of the dough over the filling and using the tines of a fork, press the edges of the dough together to seal. Drizzle with olive oil. Using a paring knife, cut a 1/2-inch wide slit in the top layer of the dough. Bake until golden brown, about 20 to 25 minutes. Remove from the oven and let cool for 5 minutes. Cut the calzone into slices and serve with warm marinara sauce, if desired.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Cook's Note:\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 Put a wedge of fontina cheese in the freezer for 15 to 20 minutes to make shredding easier.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl500\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Pizza Dough
\f1\b0\fs32 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260\ql\qnatural

\b \cf2 Serves:\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf0 3 (13-ounce) balls of dough\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs36 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs42 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl420\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs40 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 cups warm water, 100 to 110 degrees F, plus extra as needed\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 (1/4-ounce) packet active dry yeast\
{\listtext	\'95	}5 cups all-purpose flour, plus extra as needed\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 teaspoons fine sea salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}Olive oil, for drizzling\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs42 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs40 \cf0 Put the water in a small bowl. Add the yeast and stir until dissolved.\
\
In a large bowl, whisk the flour and salt together. Add the yeast mixture and stir until a soft dough forms. If the dough is too dry, add a little extra water, 1 tablespoon at a time. If the dough is too sticky, add extra flour, 1 tablespoon at a time. Transfer the dough to a floured work surface. With floured hands, knead the dough until it becomes smooth and elastic, about 10 to 12 minutes. Drizzle the inside of a clean bowl with olive oil. Put the dough in the bowl and cover loosely with plastic wrap or a damp kitchen towel. Set the bowl in a warm, draft-free place, until the dough has doubled in size, about 2 hours.\
Using a fist, deflate the dough in the center and cut it into 3 equal-sized pieces. Form the dough pieces into 3 balls and put into 3 oiled bowls. Cover each bowl loosely with plastic wrap or a damp kitchen towel and let rest for 1 hour. Remove the dough and wrap in plastic. Refrigerate for up to 1 day.\
}