{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Baked Onion Rings\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs32 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 1 serving\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs36 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 large onion\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup high-fiber {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/bran/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 bran}} cereal twigs (recommended: Fiber One Original)\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 teaspoon {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/garlic/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 garlic}} powder, or more to taste\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/8 teaspoon {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/onion-powder/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 onion powder}}, or more to taste\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/8 teaspoon salt, or more to taste\
{\listtext	\'95	}Black pepper, to taste\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup fat-free liquid egg substitute*\
{\listtext	\'95	}Mustard, as dip, optional (recommended: Vivi's Original {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sauce/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Sauce}} Classic Carnival {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/mustard/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Mustard}})\
{\listtext	\'95	}*Cook's Note: You'll only need about 1/4 cup {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/egg-substitutes/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 egg substitute}} to coat your rings, but using 1/2 cup makes it soooo much easier.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.\
Slice the ends off the onion and remove its outer layer. Cut onion into 1/2-inch-wide slices, and separate into rings. Set aside.\
Using a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/blender/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 blender}} or {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/food-processor/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 food processor}}, grind cereal to a breadcrumb-like consistency. Season the crumbs with {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/spices/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 spices}} and transfer to a plate or bowl.\
Fill a small bowl with egg substitute. Prepare a baking sheet (or 2) by spraying with nonstick spray. Set aside.\
One at a time, dunk each ring in egg substitute, give it a shake to remove any excess, and then coat it in the seasoned crumbs. Evenly place rings on the baking sheet(s).\
Cook's Note: Use tongs or a fork to dip the rings into the egg substitute and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cereal/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cereal}} crumbs. It'll keep your fingers from getting eggy and crumb-covered. Don't pierce the rings with the fork; just balance them on it.\
Bake in the oven until the outsides are crispy and insides are soft, 20 to 25 minutes, carefully flipping rings over about halfway through. Serve with mustard, if using. Enjoy!\
\
}