{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid4}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17960\viewh20280\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs76 \cf0 Catfish Tacos
\fs66 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs46 \cf2 Serves: 
\b  
\b0 \cf0 6 to 8 servings\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs50 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs62 \cf0 Ingredients
\fs58 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Coleslaw:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs56 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}3 cups coleslaw mix\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup thinly sliced red onion\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 radishes, thinly sliced\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 tablespoons minced fresh {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cilantro/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cilantro}}, optional\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons fresh lime juice (about 2 limes)\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon honey\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 teaspoon salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 teaspoon cracked black pepper\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs58 \cf0 Creamy Remoulade Sauce:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs56 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 cup {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sour-cream/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 sour cream}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/garlic/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 clove garlic}}, minced\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 green onions, minced\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/dijon-mustard/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Dijon mustard}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 teaspoons fresh {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/lemon/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 lemon juice}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 teaspoons chopped fresh dill\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs58 \cf0 Catfish:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls3\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs56 \cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/vegetable-oils/index.html"}}{\fldrslt Vegetable oil}}\cf0 , for frying\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 (15-ounce) catfish fillet\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 cups cornmeal\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 to 2 tablespoons {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cajun-seasoning/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Cajun seasoning}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}6 to 8 Fried Taco Shells, recipe follows\
{\listtext	\'95	}Sliced avocado, optional\
{\listtext	\'95	}Lime wedges, optional\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs64 \cf0 Directions
\fs58 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs56 \cf0 For the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/coleslaw/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 coleslaw}}: In a medium bowl, combine the coleslaw mix, red onions, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/radish/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 radishes}}, and cilantro. In a small bowl, whisk together the lime juice, honey, salt, and pepper. Add to the coleslaw mixture, tossing gently to coat.\
For the remoulade: In a small bowl, combine the sour cream, garlic, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/green-onion/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 green onions}}, mustard, lemon juice, and dill. Cover and refrigerate until needed.\
For the catfish: In a large {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/dutch-oven/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Dutch oven}}, pour the oil to a depth of 2 inches and heat to 350 degrees F.\
Cut the catfish into strips. Combine and whisk together the cornmeal and Cajun seasoning. Coat the catfish strips in the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cornmeal/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cornmeal}} mixture.\
Fry the catfish, in batches if necessary, until golden brown, 2 to 3 minutes. Drain on paper towels. Place 2 to 3 catfish strips in the center of each Fried Taco Shell. Top each evenly with the coleslaw mixture. Dollop with the remoulade. Serve with sliced avocado and lime wedges, if desired.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs58 \cf0 Fried {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/taco/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Taco Shells}}:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls4\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs56 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}Vegetable oil, for frying\
{\listtext	\'95	}6 to 8 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/tortilla/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 corn tortillas}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Heat the oil in a Dutch oven to 350 degrees F.\
Place the tortilla into the oil, folding into a taco shape using heatproof tongs. (You will have to hold its shape with the tongs while it fries.) Fry until golden brown, 2 to 3 minutes. Drain on paper towels.\
}