{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12860\viewh15820\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs58 \cf0 Cold Sesame Noodles\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs38 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 4 servings\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1/2 pound dried {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/buckwheat/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 buckwheat}} (soba) noodles\
{\listtext	\'95	}9 tablespoons dark sesame oil\
{\listtext	\'95	}1-inch piece fresh {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/ginger/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 ginger}}, peeled and crushed with the side of a knife\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 garlic cloves, crushed with the side of a knife\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 red Thai bird chile, minced, seeds and all\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons brown {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sugar/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 sugar}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup creamy peanut butter\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/rice-vinegar/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 rice vinegar}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup low-sodium {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/soy-sauce/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 soy sauce}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}6 tablespoons water, room temperature\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon chili sauce\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon sesame seeds, for {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/garnish/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 garnish}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 green onions, thinly sliced on the diagonal\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 lime, cut into wedges, for serving\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 Bring a large pot of salted water to a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/boil/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 boil}} over high heat. Add the noodles and stir to keep them from sticking together. Cook until barely tender and still firm, 3 to 4 minutes. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/drain/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Drain}} immediately and rinse under cold running water to cool. Drain the noodles really well, transfer to a wide serving bowl, and toss immediately with 3 tablespoons of the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sesame-oil/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 sesame oil}} so they don't stick together.\
Meanwhile, make the sauce. In a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/saucepan/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 saucepan}}, heat 1/4 cup sesame oil over medium-low heat. Add the ginger, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/garlic/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 garlic}}, and chile. Cook, stirring for a minute, until the vegetables are soft and fragrant. Place into a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/blender/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 blender}} along with the brown sugar, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/peanut-butter/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 peanut butter}}, vinegar, soy sauce, hot water, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/chili-sauce/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 chili sauce}}, and the remaining 2 tablespoons sesame oil. Puree and refrigerate until cold.\
Toast the sesame seeds in a dry skillet over medium-low heat until golden brown. (Shake the pan constantly to keep the seeds from burning). Put the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/noodles/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 noodles}} in a serving bowl and toss with the sesame sauce. Sprinkle with the sesame seeds and green onions, and serve with the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/lime/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 lime}} wedges}