{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Crab, Avocado and Mango Roll\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs32 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 6 cups\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs36 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 pound lump crabmeat, drained and patted dry with paper towels\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/mayonnaise/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 mayonnaise}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 teaspoons {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/lemon/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 lemon juice}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 teaspoons light {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sugar/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 brown sugar}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}5 cups cooked Sushi Rice, recipe follows\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 toasted nori sheets*\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/avocado/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 avocado}}, seeded, peeled and cut into thin slices\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/mango/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 mango}}, peeled and cut into thin slices\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 red bell pepper, cored, seeded and cut into thin slices\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup black sesame seeds*\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 *Can be found at specialty Asian markets\
Serving suggestion: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/wasabi/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 wasabi}}, sweet picked {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/ginger/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 ginger}}, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/soy-sauce/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 soy sauce}}\
Special equipment: a bamboo sushi mat\
In a medium bowl, mix together the crabmeat, mayonnaise, lemon juice, and sugar.\
Place a piece of plastic wrap on the sushi mat. Using wet fingers, spread 1 1/4 cups of the rice evenly over the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/plastic-wrap/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 plastic wrap}} to form a rectangle slightly smaller than the sushi mat. Lay a sheet of nori over the rice. Arrange 1/4 of the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/crab/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 crab}} mixture along the center of the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/nori/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 nori}} leaving a 2-inch border at the top. Top the crab mixture with 1/4 of the avocado slices, 1/4 of the mango slices, and 1/4 of the red bell pepper slices. Using the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sushi/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 sushi}} mat as a guide, fold the rice over the filling and roll into a cylinder. Remove the plastic wrap. Repeat with the remaining ingredients. Sprinkle each roll with the black sesame seeds.\
To serve, using a sharp, damp knife, slice each cylinder into 6 pieces (re-wet the knife after each slice). Arrange the crab rolls on a serving platter and serve with wasabi, sweet pickled ginger and soy sauce.\
Cook's Note: For spicier rolls, substitute the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/red-bell-pepper/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 red bell pepper}} with 2 seeded and thinly sliced jalapenos.\
Yield: 24 crab rolls\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Sushi Rice:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}2 cups short-grain sushi rice (recommended: Kokuho Rose)*\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 1/2 cups water\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup seasoned {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/rice-vinegar/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 rice vinegar}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 *Can be found at specialty Asian markets\
Place the rice and water in a medium {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/saucepan/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 saucepan}} over high heat. Bring the mixture to a boil. Cover the pan and reduce the heat to low. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/simmer/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Simmer}} for 25 minutes. Sprinkle the vinegar over the rice and mix with a fork. Transfer the cooked rice to a parchment paper-lined baking sheet. Allow the rice to cool completely before using.\
\
}