{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww21680\viewh17860\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs54 \cf0 Crisp Crab Cakes\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs34 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 8 crab cakes\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs38 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs46 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs44 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon plus 2 teaspoons extra-virgin olive oil\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 scallions, thinly sliced\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup finely chopped red bell pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup panko (Japanese {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/breadcrumbs/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 breadcrumbs}})\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 large egg, lightly beaten\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons nonfat milk\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/worcestershire-sauce/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Worcestershire sauce}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 teaspoons {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/dijon-mustard/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 dijon mustard}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, plus lemon wedges for serving\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon Old Bay Seasoning\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/dash/index.html"}}{\fldrslt Dash}}\cf0  of hot sauce\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 pound lump crab or crab claw meat, picked over\
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/salt/index.html"}}{\fldrslt Kosher salt}}\cf0  and freshly ground pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}Olive-oil {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cooking-spray/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cooking spray}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs46 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs44 \cf0 Heat 2 teaspoons olive oil in a large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat. Add the scallions and bell pepper and cook until they begin to soften, about 2 minutes. Cool slightly.\
Mix 1/2 cup panko, the egg and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/milk/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 milk}} in a small bowl. In a medium bowl, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/whisk/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 whisk}} the Worcestershire sauce, mustard, lemon juice, Old Bay and hot sauce; fold in the crabmeat, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/panko/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 panko}} mixture, scallionbell pepper mixture, 1/4 teaspoon salt and a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/pinch/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 pinch}} of pepper. Shape into 8 patties and refrigerate 30 minutes.\
Coat the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/crab/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 crab}} cakes with the remaining 1/2 cup panko. Heat the remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil in the skillet over medium-high heat. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/mist/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Mist}} the crab cakes with cooking spray and cook, sprayed-side down, 3 to 4 minutes. Spray the tops, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/flip/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 flip}} and cook 3 to 4 more minutes. Serve with {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/lemon/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 lemon}} wedges.\
}