{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Tahoma;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red51\green51\blue51;\red238\green238\blue238;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{circle\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13680\viewh15400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl460\sa180\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs72 \cf2 Homemade Raspberry Vinegar
\fs66 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl480\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs40 \cf2 \cb3 Yield: 6 cups\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl560\sa40\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl560\sa80\ql\qnatural

\fs56 \cf2 Ingredients\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sl340\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl1
\f1\b0\fs48 \cf2 {\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}6 cups white wine vinegar 
\b\fs42 \
\ls2\ilvl1
\b0\fs48 {\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}1 pint red raspberries 
\b\fs42 \
\ls2\ilvl1
\b0\fs48 {\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}1/2 pint red raspberries, for decoration (optional) 
\b\fs42 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl560\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs56 \cf2 Directions\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl340\ql\qnatural
\ls3\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs48 \cf2 		In a medium, nonreactive saucepan over low heat, warm the vinegar just until it begins to give off steam (do not bring to a boil).
\b\fs50 \
\ls3\ilvl0
\b0\fs48 		Put 1 pint of the raspberries into a fine sieve fitted over a sterilized 1/2-gallon clamp jar.
\b\fs50 \
\ls3\ilvl0
\b0\fs48 		Pour the warm vinegar over the berries and let it run into the jar, then add the berries to the jar.
\b\fs50 \
\ls3\ilvl0
\b0\fs48 		Allow the mixture to cool 20 to 30 minutes to room temperature, then seal and shake the jar gently.
\b\fs50 \
\ls3\ilvl0
\b0\fs48 		Set the jar out of direct sunlight and away from heat to steep for 4 days, shaking it every so often. While steeping, the vinegar will take on a raspberry hue and the fruit will lose most of its color.
\b\fs50 \
\ls3\ilvl0
\b0\fs48 		Strain the mixture through a fine sieve into a large batter bowl with a handle or into a large, nonreactive saucepan.
\b\fs50 \
\ls3\ilvl0
\b0\fs48 		Rinse the jar and return the strained vinegar to it. Rinse the bowl or saucepan.
\b\fs50 \
\ls3\ilvl0
\b0\fs48 		Dump the fruit and rinse the sieve. Dampen a flat-bottom coffee filter, then line the sieve with the filter and fit it over the bowl or saucepan.
\b\fs50 \
\ls3\ilvl0
\b0\fs48 		Transfer the vinegar to flasks or bottles. Discard fruit.
\b\fs50 \
\ls3\ilvl0
\b0\fs48 		If you wish, spear 6 to 8 whole raspberries on a wooden skewer and put the skewer into the container before filling.
\b\fs50 \
\ls3\ilvl0
\b0\fs48 		The vinegar should be ready to use immediately, with a shelf life of at least 1 year.
\b\fs50 \
\ls3\ilvl0
\b0\fs48 		VARIATION: For Raspberry Lemon Thyme Vinegar, place 1 sprig fresh lemon thy me in a flask or bottle before adding the vinegar. Fill, seal, and steep out of direct sunlight and away from heat for 1 week before using or shipping.
\b\fs50 \
\ls3\ilvl0
\b0\fs48 		CRANBERRY VINEGAR Follow the recipe for Raspberry Vinegar, except substitute 4 cups (1 pound) fresh cranberries, coarsely chopped, for the raspberries. Decorate, if you wish, with skewers of whole cranberries.}