{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red158\green49\blue0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww21620\viewh20280\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa340\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs78 \cf2 Thai Inspired Almond Butter Satay
\fs38 \cf0 \

\fs58 \cf2 Traditional Satay with Coconut Milk, Almond Butter and Red Curry
\b0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Makes about 2 1/4 cups sauce\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 3 Tbsp. Almond Butter\
1 tsp. Red curry paste\
2 Tbsp. Soy sauce\
3 Tbsp. Brown Sugar\
1 tsp. Paprika\
1 tsp. Garlic powder\
2 cups Coconut milk\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260\ql\qnatural
\cf0 In medium saucepan whisk all ingredients together. Heat to a slight boil, reduce heat and simmer for 10 minutes or until sauce thickens. Serve with thinly sliced broiled or barbequed skewered chicken breast, beef, or tofu.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa340\ql\qnatural

\b \cf2 Light Satay with Chili Garlic Sauce & Almond Butter\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf0 Makes about 2 1/4 cups sauce\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 1/4 cup Almond Butter, Crunchy\
1 Tbsp. Coconut milk or milk\
1 Tbsp. Soy sauce\
1 Tbsp. Brown sugar\
1 tsp. Garlic powder\
1 tsp. Onion powder\
1 Tbsp. Apple cider vinegar\
1 tsp. Chili garlic sauce*\
1/2 cup Water\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260\ql\qnatural
\cf0 In medium saucepan whisk all ingredients together. Heat to a slight boil, reduce heat and simmer for 10 minutes or until sauce thickens. Serve with thinly sliced broiled or barbequed skewered chicken breast, beef, or tofu.\
*Found in the ethnic foods aisle of most grocery stores.}