{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Sausage-Stuffed Portobello Mushrooms\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs32 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 6 mushrooms\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs36 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs42 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs40 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}6 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/portobello-mushroom/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 portobello mushrooms}}, stemmed (reserve 1 cup minced stems)\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 tablespoons plus 2 teaspoons {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/olive-oil/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 extra-virgin olive oil}}, plus more for drizzling\
{\listtext	\'95	}12 ounces hot {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/italian-sausage/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Italian sausage}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}12 ounces sweet Italian sausage\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup finely chopped onion\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup finely chopped {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/bell-pepper/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 green bell pepper}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup finely chopped celery\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 teaspoons minced garlic\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup plain bread crumbs\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup freshly grated Parmesan\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup plus 1 tablespoon minced fresh {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/parsley/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 parsley leaves}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 teaspoons Essence, recipe follows\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 egg, lightly beaten\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/balsamic-vinegar/index.html"}}{\fldrslt Balsamic vinegar}}\cf0 , for drizzling\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs42 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs40 \cf0 Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.\
Using your hands, lightly rub each portobello mushroom with 2 teaspoons of olive oil.\
Cook the sausage in a medium skillet until browned, about 4 minutes. Add the onion, bell pepper, celery, and mushroom stems and cook until softened, about 3 minutes. Add the garlic and cook until fragrant, about 30 seconds. Remove from heat.\
Transfer sausage-vegetable mixture to the bowl of a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/food-processor/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 food processor}}. Add, 1/4 cup of the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/breadcrumbs/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 bread crumbs}}, 1/4 cup of {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/parmesan/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Parmesan}}, 1/4 cup of parsley, the Essence, and the remaining 2 teaspoons of olive oil. Pulse until mixture is finely chopped and comes together slightly, about 30 seconds. Transfer the mixture to a bowl, add the egg, and stir until well combined.\
Divide the filling among the mushroom caps, about 1/2 cup for each mushroom. Place the filled mushrooms on a baking sheet. Combine remaining 1/4 cup of bread crumbs and 1/4 cup of Parmesan in a small mixing bowl. Divide the bread crumb mixture evenly among the tops of the mushrooms. Bake until golden brown on top and the mushrooms are tender, about 15 to 18 minutes. Remove from oven and let cool slightly. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/garnish/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Garnish}} with remaining tablespoon of parsley, drizzle with olive oil and vinegar and serve warm or at room temperature.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs42 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs40 \cf0 Emeril's ESSENCE Creole Seasoning (also referred to as Bayou Blast):\
2 1/2 tablespoons paprika\
2 tablespoons salt\
2 tablespoons garlic powder\
1 tablespoon black pepper\
1 tablespoon {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/onion-powder/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 onion powder}}\
1 tablespoon {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cayenne-pepper/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cayenne pepper}}\
1 tablespoon dried oregano\
1 tablespoon dried thyme}