{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17720\viewh17920\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Spanokopita
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\b \cf2 Serves: 
\b0 \cf0 6 to 8 servings\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup olive oil\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 bunch chopped scallions, white and green parts\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 (10-ounce) boxes frozen chopped spinach, defrosted\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons chopped fresh {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/dill/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 dill}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 extra-large {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/eggs/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 eggs}}, lightly beaten\
{\listtext	\'95	}7 ounces feta {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cheese/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cheese}}, crumbled\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 teaspoon {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/salt/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 kosher salt}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}40 sheets (1 box) frozen phyllo dough (such as Pepperidge Farm), defrosted overnight in the refrigerator\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 pound (2 sticks) unsalted butter, melted\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup plain dry {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/breadcrumbs/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 breadcrumbs}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.\
Heat the olive oil in a saute pan and add the scallions. Cook for 5 minutes or until soft. Meanwhile, squeeze most of the water out of the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/spinach/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 spinach}} and place it in a bowl. Add the scallions, dill, eggs, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/feta/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 feta}}, salt, and pepper and mix together.\
Keep the phyllo dough sheets covered with a damp kitchen towel. Unfold 1 sheet of the phyllo {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/dough/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 dough}}. Brush the sheet with melted butter and sprinkle with breadcrumbs. Repeat the process by laying a second sheet of {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/phyllo/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 phyllo}} dough over the first sheet, brush it with melted butter and sprinkle with breadcrumbs until all 10 sheets have been used. Spoon 3/4 cup of the spinach mixture into a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sausage/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 sausage}} shape along one edge of the phyllo dough. Roll it up. Brush the top with butter and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/score/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 score}} the roll into 1-inch rounds. Place it on an oiled baking sheet. Repeat until all the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/pastry/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 pastry}} and filling have been used.\
Place in the oven and bake for 12 minutes or until the edges are lightly browned. Serve warm.\
\
}