{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13200\viewh17140\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 Stromboli\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs28 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 16 appetizer portions\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/canola-oil/index.html"}}{\fldrslt Canola oil}}\cf0  nonstick spray\
{\listtext	\'95	}Flour, for dusting\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/dough/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 pizza dough}}, divided in half\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup sweet marinated peppers, chopped (recommended: Peppadew)\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons minced {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/garlic/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 garlic}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon Italian seasoning\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 pound sliced ham\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 pound sliced hot sopressata\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 pound sliced salami\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 pound thinly sliced {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/pepperoni/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 pepperoni}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 cups grated mozzarella\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 egg, lightly beaten\
{\listtext	\'95	}Olive oil, for brushing\
{\listtext	\'95	}Smoked salt (optional)\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 cups good quality {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/marinara-sauce/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 marinara sauce}}, warmed\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Spray 2 baking sheets with nonstick spray.\
\
On a lightly floured surface, roll out both halves of the dough to large rectangles, about 9 by 13 inches. Sprinkle each with the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sweet-peppers/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 sweet peppers}}, garlic, and Italian seasoning, leaving a 1-inch border. Evenly distribute the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/ham/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 ham}}, sopressata, salami, pepperoni, and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/mozzarella/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 mozzarella}} over each of the dough rectangles.\
\
Using a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/pastry-brush/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 pastry brush}}, paint the border of 1 long edge on each piece of dough with the egg wash. Starting at the opposite long end without the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/egg-wash/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 egg wash}}, roll up each dough like a jellyroll. Repeat with the other dough. Place on the prepared baking sheets and brush the tops with {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/olive-oil/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 olive oil}}. Sprinkle with smoked salt, if desired. Place a few slits in the top of the dough for venting. Bake until nearly completely golden brown and starting to {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/crisp/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 crisp}}, about 25 minutes.\
\
Remove from the oven and let cool for about 10 minutes. Slice thickly and serve with the warmed marinara.\
}