{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs58 \cf0 Turkey Larb
\fs52 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs32 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 4 servings\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs36 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs50 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Dressing:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs48 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1/3 cup fresh lime juice, from about 5 limes\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, from 1 large lemon\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons fish sauce*\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons honey\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs50 \cf0 Larb:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs48 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}3 tablespoons vegetable or canola oil\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 red onion, diced\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 shallots, thinly sliced\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 (4-inch) piece lemongrass, minced (about 1/4 cup)*\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 Thai chile, such as prik kee noo, or 1 serrano chile, stemmed and thinly sliced*\
{\listtext	\'95	}Kosher salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 pounds ground turkey, preferably dark meat\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup chopped fresh mint leaves\
{\listtext	\'95	}Freshly ground black pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 head butter lettuce, leaves separated\
{\listtext	\'95	}*Can be found at specialty Asian markets\
{\listtext	\'95	}Serving suggestion: sticky or steamed white rice\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs50 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs48 \cf0 Dressing:
\b0  In a small bowl, whisk together the lime juice, lemon juice, fish sauce and honey. Set aside.\

\b Larb: 
\b0 In a large skillet, heat the oil over medium heat. Add the onion, shallots, lemongrass, chile, and salt, to taste. Cook until the vegetables begin to soften, about 5 minutes. Add the turkey and season with salt. Cook, stirring frequently, until the meat and vegetables are cooked through, about 5 minutes. Add the dressing to the pan and cook for 2 minutes. Remove the pan from the heat and stir in the mint. Season with salt and pepper, to taste.\
Spoon the turkey mixture onto the lettuce leaves and arrange on a serving platter. Serve with sticky rice.\
}