{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red241\green241\blue241;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri920\sl20\sa400\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 COUSCOUS WITH CARROTS AND CHICKPEAS\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa200\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf0 Do not use Israeli couscous in this recipe; its larger size requires a different cooking method. For an accurate measurement of boiling water, bring a full kettle of water to a boil, then measure out the desired amount.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl20\sa200\ql\qnatural

\fs24 \cf0 \cb2 INGREDIENTS
\fs58 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs44 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}2 cups plain couscous\
{\listtext	\'95	}6 tablespoons olive oil\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 carrots, peeled and grated\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 onion, chopped fine\
{\listtext	\'95	}5 garlic cloves, minced\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon ground coriander\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 cups boiling water\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 (15ounce) can chickpeas, rinsed\
{\listtext	\'95	}Salt and pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons lemon juice\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup minced fresh cilantro or parsley\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl20\sa200\ql\qnatural

\fs24 \cf0 \cb1 METHOD
\fs58 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\fs44 \cf0 {\listtext	1.	}Toast couscous with 2 tablespoons olive oil in 12inch skillet over medium heat, stirring occasionally, until lightly browned, 3 to 5 minutes; transfer to large bowl.\
{\listtext	2.	}Heat 1 tablespoon oil in now-empty skillet over medium-high heat until shimmering. Add carrots and onion and cook until softened, 5 to 7 minutes. Stir in garlic and coriander and cook until fragrant, about 30 seconds. Transfer mixture to bowl with couscous. Stir boiling water, chickpeas, and 1 teaspoon salt into couscous. Cover tightly with plastic wrap and let sit until couscous is tender, about 12 minutes.\
{\listtext	3.	}Fluff couscous with fork, breaking up any clumps. Combine remaining 3 tablespoons oil and lemon juice in small bowl, then drizzle over couscous and gently toss to incorporate. Season with salt and pepper to taste. (Couscous can be refrigerated for up to 1 day; bring to room temperature or microwave, covered, until hot, 3 to 5 minutes before serving.) Fold in cilantro and serve warm or at room temperature.\
\
\pard\tx560\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
}