{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red61\green61\blue61;\red47\green47\blue47;\red6\green124\blue174;
}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs46 \cf2 Green Olive Couscous\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs30 \cf3 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 4 servings\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients
\fs52 \cf2 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl460\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}Kosher salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 pound green beans, trimmed\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup cold water\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup couscous\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/champagne/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 champagne}} vinegar\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/olive-oil/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 extra-virgin olive oil}}, plus more for drizzling\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 small ruby red {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/grapefruit/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 grapefruit}}, zested and juiced\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/fennel/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 fennel}} bulb, sliced paper thin, a few fronds reserved\
{\listtext	\'95	}Freshly ground black pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/pine-nut/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 pine nuts}}, toasted\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup pitted and chopped green {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/olive/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 olives}}\cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b\fs46 \cf0 Directions
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl460\sa180\ql\qnatural
\cf2 Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil over medium heat, for the beans. Fill a large bowl with ice water and add enough salt until it tastes lightly salty - this is to refresh your beans. When the water comes to a boil add the beans and cook until just tender, about 3 minutes. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/drain/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 Drain}} and then {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/refresh/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 refresh}} in the salted ice water. Drain and cut into 1-inch pieces. Set aside.\
Meanwhile, pour cold water over the couscous in a medium bowl (using cold water reserves the couscous' grainy, nutty texture). Cover and let stand for 15 minutes. Combine the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/vinegar/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 vinegar}}, oil, grapefruit {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/zest/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 zest}} and juice, fennel and fronds in a large serving bowl. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Fold in the couscous along with the pine nuts, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/green-bean/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 green beans}} and olives. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper and finish with a drizzle of olive oil.}