{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red51\green0\blue52;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15060\viewh17700\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs70 \cf2 Apricot-Ginger Chicken Thighs
\fs60 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\sa180\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs46 \cf0 Serves:  4
\b\fs50 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\sa60\ql\qnatural

\fs16 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa400\ql\qnatural

\fs56 \cf0 Ingredients 
\fs50 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\sa180\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0\fs46 \cf0 		1 tablespoon chili powder  \
		3 tablespoons ground ginger\
		1 teaspoon garlic powder\
		1/2 teaspoon salt\
		1/2 teaspoon pepper\
		1 1/2 pounds bone-in chicken thighs\
		3/4 cup apricot preserves\
		1/2 cup barbecue sauce\
		1 tablespoon lime juice\
		3 cloves garlic, minced\
		1 tablespoon vegetable oil\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa400\ql\qnatural

\b\fs60 \cf0 Directions
\fs50 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa240\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs46 \cf0 In a bowl, mix chili powder, 1 Tbsp. ground ginger, garlic powder, salt and pepper. Pat chicken dry and rub seasoning mixture into chicken. Cover; chill for at least 2 hours.\
In a small pan, mix preserves, barbecue sauce, remaining ginger, lime juice and garlic. Stir over low heat until well combined.\
Preheat oven to 350\'b0F; mist a large, shallow baking dish with cooking spray. Warm oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Cook chicken, turning often with tongs, until browned on all sides, about 10 minutes. Transfer chicken to baking dish and pour apricot glaze over, turning chicken to coat. Bake until chicken is cooked through, about 40 minutes. Let chicken rest for 10 minutes before serving.\
}