{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17040\viewh19760\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs76 \cf0 Artichoke and Sun-Dried Tomato Stuffed Chicken Breast\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs50 \cf2 Serves:  \cf0 4 portions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs54 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs62 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs60 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}3 tablespoons {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/olive-oil/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 olive oil}}, divided\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup chopped red onion\
{\listtext	\'95	}3/4 cup chopped marinated artichoke hearts\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup chopped marinated {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sun-dried-tomatoes/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 sun-dried tomatoes}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon fresh cracked black pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons minced {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/garlic/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 garlic}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup white wine, divided\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 tablespoons butter, divided\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup grated Parmesan\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 tablespoon finely chopped {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/italian-parsley/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Italian parsley leaves}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 boneless, skinless chicken breasts\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs62 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs60 \cf0 In a saute pan over medium heat, add 1 tablespoon of the oil. When the oil is hot add the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/onion/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 onions}} and saute until translucent. Stir in the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/artichoke/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 artichokes}} and sun-dried tomatoes. Saute for 3 to 5 minutes, then add the salt, pepper and garlic. When the garlic begins to lightly brown, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/deglaze/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 deglaze}} with 1/4 cup of the white wine. Stir in 2 tablespoons of the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/butter/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 butter}}, allow it to {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/melt/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 melt}}, then toss in the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/parmesan/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Parmesan}} and parsley.\
Remove from the heat and allow to cool before stuffing the chicken breast.\
Rinse, trim and pound out chicken breasts to about 1/4-inch thick. Do not over-pound as holes in the chicken will make it difficult for the chicken to retain the stuffing.\
Put 1/4 of the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/stuffing/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 stuffing}} mixture at 1 end of a chicken breast. Gentle roll the chicken breast folding the ends in to help keep the stuffing from coming out during the cooking process. Secure the chicken roll with 2 toothpicks. Repeat with remaining chicken breasts and stuffing.\
Heat the 2 tablespoons of the remaining oil in a medium saute pan over high heat. Add the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/chicken/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 chicken breasts}}, with the secured side of the chicken first, to insure the roll with stay together. Brown the chicken on all sides, add remaining butter, and deglaze with remaining white {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/wine/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 wine}}.\
Reduce the heat to low and cover the pan. Cook until the internal temperature reaches 165 degrees F on an instant-read thermometer, about 10 minutes.\
Remove the chicken to a cutting board and discard the toothpicks. Slice each breast on a bias into 5 pieces and transfer to a serving platter. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/drizzle/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Drizzle}} with remaining pan {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/drippings/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 drippings}}, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/garnish/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 garnish}} with a sprinkle of Parmesan and serve.\
}