{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Asian Chicken Lettuce Cups\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs32 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 6-8 servings\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs36 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 For the Sauce:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup soy sauce\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/rice-vinegar/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 rice vinegar}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon minced garlic\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon minced peeled ginger\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon sambal oelek (Asian {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/chili-sauce/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 chili sauce}})\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon plum sauce\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/hoisin/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 hoisin sauce}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon mirin (sweet rice wine)\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon chopped fresh cilantro\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon sesame seeds, toasted\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 teaspoon toasted {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sesame-oil/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 sesame oil}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 For the Cups:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}6 tablespoons canola oil\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 pound skinless, boneless {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/chicken/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 chicken thighs}}, diced\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/3 cup diced carrot\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/3 cup diced celery\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/3 cup diced {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/red-bell-pepper/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 red bell pepper}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/3 cup diced {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sugar-snap-pea/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 sugar snap peas}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/3 cup diced red onion\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon minced peeled ginger\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon minced garlic\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/3 cup mung {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/bean-sprouts/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 bean sprouts}}, halved\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup sliced {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/shiitake/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 shiitake mushroom caps}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons diced scallions\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon crushed peanuts\
{\listtext	\'95	}6 wonton wrappers\
{\listtext	\'95	}Kosher salt\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/iceberg-lettuce/index.html"}}{\fldrslt Iceberg lettuce leaves}}\cf0 , for serving\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon black sesame seeds\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 Make the sauce: Combine all the ingredients in a bowl and set aside. Stir again just before using.\
Prepare the cups: Heat 2 tablespoons canola oil in a skillet over high heat. Add the chicken and stir-fry until cooked through, about 3 minutes. Add the carrot, celery, bell pepper, peas and red onion and stir-fry about 3 minutes. Add the ginger, garlic, sprouts and shiitakes. Add 1/4 cup of the prepared sauce and cook until thickened, about 30 seconds, scraping up any browned bits. Transfer the stir-fry to a bowl; top with the scallions and peanuts.\
Wipe out the skillet. Heat the remaining 4 tablespoons canola oil over high heat. Fry the wontons until golden and crisp, about 15 seconds per side. Transfer to paper towels and season with salt.\
Fill the lettuce leaves with the stir-fry. Sprinkle with the sesame seeds. Crumble the wontons on top or serve alongside. Serve with the remaining sauce.\
\
}