{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs54 \cf0 Asian Honey Sesame Chicken\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs34 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 4 servings\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs38 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs46 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs44 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}2 1/2 lbs. meaty chicken pieces\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup soy sauce\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup water\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tbsps. canola oil \
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tbsps. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sesame-oil/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 sesame oil}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tbsps. honey\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tbsps. crushed sesame seeds\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/green-onion/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 green onions}}, chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/garlic/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cloves garlic}}, finely chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tsp. chopped fresh ginger\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs46 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs44 \cf0 RINSE chicken; pat dry. Combine all remaining ingredients in large resealable food storage bag; add chicken. Seal. Refrigerate 4 hours or overnight, turning once or twice.\
HEAT oven to 350 degrees F. Pour 1/2 cup marinade into 13 x 9 x 2-inch glass {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cookware-and-bakeware-materials/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 baking dish}}. Add chicken. Discard remaining marinade.\
BAKE 35 to 45 minutes or until chicken is no longer pink in center and reaches internal temperature of 165 degrees F.\
}