{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15580\viewh18800\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs62 \cf0 Authentic Mexican Mole Chicken\

\b0\fs38 Serves 
\b 4
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa300\ql\qnatural

\b\fs50 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}3 tbsp. vegetable oil\
{\listtext	\'95	}8 chicken thighs \
{\listtext	\'95	}1 onion, chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 green bell pepper, seeded and diced\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 poblano pepper, seeded and diced\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 cloves garlic, chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tbsp. chili powder\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tsp. ground cumin\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 tsp. ground cinnamon\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 can(14 oz.) fire roasted tomatoes, undrained\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup raisins\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 chipotle peppers in adobo sauce, chopped \
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup chicken broth\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup dark Mexican beer, or any dark beer would be fine\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tbsp. peanut butter\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tbsp. sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tsp. salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 squares (1oz. each) unsweetend chocolate (for baking), chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}FOR SERVING:\
{\listtext	\'95	}Cooked white rice\
{\listtext	\'95	}warm tortillas\
{\listtext	\'95	}sour cream and fresh cilantro, chopped\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa300\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 Directions\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\b0 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}Heat oil in a lg. skillet over medium heat. Add chicken and brown on all sides, set aside.\
{\listtext	\'95	}In the same skillet, sautee onion, bell pepper, poblano pepper and garlic. Cook and stir until veggies are soft and slightly caramelized. Stir in chili powder, cumin and cinnamon and cook 3 minutes longer.\
{\listtext	\'95	}Add tomatoes, raisins, chipotle peppers, chicken broth, beer, peanut butter, sugar and salt. Bring to a simmer and cook 20 minutes, stirring often.\
{\listtext	\'95	}Pour the sauce into a blender or food processor and add chocolate. Cover and blend until smooth.\
{\listtext	\'95	}Transfer the chicken into the dutch oven, or a deep heavy cooking pot, or skillet. Pour sauce over chicken. Cover and simmer for about 45 minutes, or until chicken is cooked through.\
{\listtext	\'95	}Serve warm over cooked white rice with warm tortillas. Garnish with a dollop of sour cream and sprinkle with fresh cilantro, if desired.\
{\listtext	\'95	}You will have lots of sauce left-over. Drizzle extra sauce over rice and chicken. The sauce can be frozen and served with chicken later on.\
}