{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13680\viewh18280\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs54 \cf0 Bacon and Blue Cheese Stuffed Chicken Breasts\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs34 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 4 servings\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs38 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs46 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs44 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}8 ounces (2 sticks) {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/butter/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 unsalted butter}}, at room temperature\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 ounces {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/blue-cheese/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 blue cheese}}, crumbled (recommended: Maytag or Point Reyes)\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 slices smoked bacon, cooked until {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/crisp/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 crisp}} and finely chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 teaspoons chopped fresh chives\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 skin-on, bone-in organic chicken breasts\
{\listtext	\'95	}Pinch freshly ground black pepper\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs46 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs44 \cf0 In a large bowl, using a rubber {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/spatula/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 spatula}}, mix the butter, blue cheese, bacon, and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/chives/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 chives}} together until combined. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/dollop/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Dollop}} half of the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/compound-butter/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 compound butter}} along the long edge of a 12-inch piece of parchment or waxed paper. Roll into a log, twisting opposite ways on both ends of the paper to create a tightly wrapped log of butter. Refrigerate or freeze for another use.\
Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F.\
Using your fingers, carefully loosen the skin from chicken breasts. Stuff about 1/4 of the remaining blue cheese butter under the skin of each breast; smoothing the skin to evenly distribute the butter over the surface of the breast meat.\
Put the chicken on a rimmed baking sheet and rub any remaining butter over the skin. Season each breast with just a pinch of freshly ground black pepper.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/roast/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Roast}} the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/chicken/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 chicken breasts}}, skin sides up, in the center of the oven until skin is crisped and chicken is cooked through, about 35 to 40 minutes. An instant-read thermometer should register 165 degrees F when inserted into the thickest part of the meat. Remove from the oven to a serving platter. Let stand 10 minutes before serving.\
Cook's Note: This recipe makes 2 logs of compound butter; unused butter can be used to top grilled meats, burgers, or baked or mashed {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/potato/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 potatoes}}\cf2 .}