{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red62\green62\blue62;\red51\green51\blue51;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl520\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs56 \cf2 Baked Chicken\'a0Wonton
\f1\fs36 \cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural
\cf3 Makes about 16 wontons\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa360\ql\qnatural

\b\fs42 \cf3 Ingredients:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl360\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0 \cf3 {\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons finely chopped shallot\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 clove garlic, finely chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 green onions\
{\listtext	\'95	}8 ounces ground chicken meat\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 tablespoons reduced fat peanut butter\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 tablespoon shredded carrot\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon green curry paste\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons soy sauce\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 teaspoons sugar substitute (such as ZSweet)\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 teaspoons lime juice\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa360\ql\qnatural

\b \cf3 Preparation:\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf3 1. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees Fahrenheit.\
Spray 2 9 X 13 inch baking sheets with non-stick cooking spray. \
\
2. Heat the wok over medium-high to high heat. Add 2 tablespoons oil, drizzling it down the sides of the wok. When the oil is hot, add the shallots, garlic and green onion. Stir-fry briefly, then add the chicken meat and stir-fry on high heat until the chicken changes color and is nearly cooked through. Stir in the remaining ingredients. Remove the wok from the burner and allow the mixture to cool.\
\
3. Set out the wonton wrappers with a small bowl filled with water. Lay out 1 wonton wrapper, and place approximately 1 tablespoon of the chicken mixture in the middle. Dip your finger in the water and run it along the edges of the wonton wrapper to wet. Take another wonton wrapper and place it on top in a way that forms a star shape (ie. the top wrapper looks like a diamond instead of a square). Continue with the rest of the mixture.\
\
4. To cook the wonton, lay them out on the baking sheets and spray lightly with cooking spray. Bake for 12 to 15 minutes until golden, turning halfway through cooking.\
}