{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red51\green51\blue51;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww19180\viewh15440\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs74 \cf2 Baked Pesto Chicken
\fs58 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs46 \cf2 Makes 4 servings\

\fs42 \

\fs56 4 boneless, skinless chickenn breasts\
salt and fresh ground black pepper for seasoning chicken\
1/2 cup basil pesto \
2 oz. (1/2 cup) grated low-fat mozzarella cheese\
\
Preheat oven to 375F/190C. Trim all visible fat and tendons from chicken pieces, then cut each chicken breast lengthwise into 2 or 3 pieces. (I cut the larger ones into 3 strips and the smaller ones into 2 strips.)\
Spray a 9" x 12" (or 8.5" X 12.5") baking dish with non-stick spray, then spread 1/4 cup basil pesto over the bottom of the dish. Lay chicken strips over the pesto, then spread 1/4 cup more basil pesto over the chicken.\
Cover the baking dish with aluminum foil (or use a baking dish with a tight-fitting lid) and bake the chicken for 25-30 minutes, just until chicken is barely firm and cooked through. (Don't cook too much at this point, or the chicken will be overcooked by the time the cheese is melted and browned.)\
When chicken is barely cooked through, remove foil and sprinkle chicken with 1/2 cup grated mozzarella cheese. Put dish back into the oven without foil and cook 5 minutes more, just until cheese is melted. Broil for 5 minutes, just long enough to get the cheese lightly browned.\
Serve hot. }