{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15140\viewh16280\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Bourbon BBQ Pulled Chicken Sandwiches and Green Apple Slaw\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs32 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 4 servings\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs36 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Chicken:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}2 small skin-on, bone-in chicken breasts\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 skin-on, bone-in chicken thighs\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 bay leaves\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 small carrot, coarsely chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 small onion, quartered\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 orange, sliced\
{\listtext	\'95	}Salt\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 BBQ Sauce:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 cup organic ketchup\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons Dijon mustard\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons dark brown sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons maple syrup\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons cider vinegar\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon coarsely ground pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 shots of bourbon\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 large cloves garlic, finely chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}Juice of 1/2 orange\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Slaw:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls3\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1/3 cup vegetable oil or olive oil\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 tablespoons cider vinegar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon superfine sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}About 1 1/2 teaspoons sea salt or kosher salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}Juice of 1 lemon\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 red onion, grated\
{\listtext	\'95	}Salt and freshly ground pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 pound cabbage (red, green or a mix), shredded\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 large green apple, peeled and coarsely grated\
{\listtext	\'95	}Brioche rolls, split\
{\listtext	\'95	}Bread-and-butter pickles, for topping\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 For the chicken: Place the chicken breasts and thighs in a pot with the bay leaves, carrot, onion, orange and some salt. Cover with water, then cover the pot and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat and cook at a low rolling boil for 20 minutes. Remove the chicken to a cutting board. Strain the broth, then return to the pot and boil for a few minutes to reduce it slightly. Remove the skin and bones from the chicken and shred the meat.\
For the BBQ sauce: Meanwhile, combine the ketchup, mustard, brown sugar, maple syrup, vinegar, Worcestershire sauce, pepper, bourbon, garlic and orange juice in a small pot. Simmer over medium-low heat, stirring occasionally, about 20 minutes.\
For the slaw: Whisk together the oil, vinegar, sugar, salt, lemon juice and onions. Season with salt and some pepper. Add the cabbage and apples and toss to combine.\
Add 1 cup poaching liquid to the BBQ sauce, then add the chicken, stirring and shredding it with 2 forks. Pile the chicken on the rolls and top with pickles and slaw.}