{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11980\viewh15640\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs56 \cf0 BBQ Chicken Burgers with Slaw\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs36 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 4 servings\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs40 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs42 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs40 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon butter, cut into pieces\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 small red onion, 1/2 finely chopped, 1/2 thinly sliced\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/garlic/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cloves garlic}}, finely chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons tomato paste\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/worcestershire-sauce/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Worcestershire sauce}}, eyeball it\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon hot sauce, eyeball it\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/4 pounds ground {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/chicken/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 chicken}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoons grill seasoning (recommended: McCormick brand) a palm full\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 tablespoons {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/olive-oil/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 extra-virgin olive oil}}, divided\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons honey, eyeball it\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 lemon, juiced\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 rounded tablespoons sweet {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/pickle/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 pickle}} relish\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 cups shredded {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cabbage/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cabbage}} mix\
{\listtext	\'95	}Salt and pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cornmeal/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cornmeal}} Kaiser rolls, split\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs42 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs40 \cf0 In a small skillet over medium heat, melt butter. Add chopped onions, garlic and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/tomato-paste/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 tomato paste}} and sweat them for 5 minutes to soften and sweeten. Sprinkle in sugar and remove from heat. Cool in a bowl, 5 minutes. Add tomato paste mixture, Worcestershire, hot sauce to bowl and combine. Add chicken to the bowl then grill seasoning and combine the burgers well to evenly distribute the flavors and form 4 patties. Wash up.\
Heat 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil, a turn of the pan, in a nonstick skillet over medium-high heat. Cook patties 6 minutes on each side.\
Combine the honey, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/lemon/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 lemon juice}}, and remaining extra-virgin olive oil in a bowl. Add relish, cabbage mix and sliced onions and season with salt and pepper. Toss the slaw to coat and reserve.\
Serve burgers on bun bottoms topped with slaw and bun tops.}