{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12120\viewh19080\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs54 \cf0 Beer-Poached Pulled Chicken Mole
\f1\b0\fs34 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\b \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 4 servings\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs38 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs46 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs44 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}3 medium onions\
{\listtext	\'95	}8 boneless {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/chicken/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 chicken thighs}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 Mexican-style beer (recommended: Negra Modela)\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 fresh bay leaves\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 ancho chilies, seeded and stemmed\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup sliced almonds\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/garlic/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cloves garlic}}, thinly sliced\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons golden raisins\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 red {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/chile/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 chile pepper}}, such as Fresno or Holland\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 small stems fresh oregano or {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/marjoram/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 marjoram}}, finely chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon cumin\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons unsweetened Mexican {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cocoa-powder/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cocoa powder}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}Pinch cinnamon\
{\listtext	\'95	}Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 (15-ounce) can fire-roasted crushed tomatoes\
{\listtext	\'95	}Small corn or {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/tortilla/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 flour tortillas}}, warmed to package directions, for serving\
{\listtext	\'95	}Toasted pepitas, for garnish\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs46 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs44 \cf0 Quarter one of the onions and place in a large pot with the chicken, beer, and 2 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/bay-leaf/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 bay leaves}}. Add just enough water to come up to the top of the chicken pieces. Bring to a low boil over medium-high heat, and then lower the heat and simmer until cooked through, 12 to 15 minutes. Remove the chicken from the hot liquid to a bowl and shred the meat with forks. Strain and reserve the stock.\
Meanwhile, in a small pot, cover the anchos with just enough water to cover and simmer to {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/reconstitute/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 reconstitute}}, 8 to 10 minutes. Add the anchos to a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/food-processor/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 food processor}} bowl, reserving the cooking liquid.\
Toast the almonds in a saucepot large enough in which to make the sauce. Remove the toasted nuts to the food processor bowl.\
Slice the 2 remaining onions. Heat the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/olive-oil/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 extra-virgin olive oil}} over medium-high heat in the same pot you toasted the nuts in. Add the onions, garlic, last 2 bay leaves, raisins, red chile, oregano, cumin, cocoa, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cinnamon/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cinnamon}}, salt, and pepper. Cover and cook to soften the onions, 10 minutes, stirring occasionally. Add the crushed {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/tomato/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 tomatoes}} and heat through. Transfer to the food processor with the reconstituted anchos and almonds. Process into a thick paste and return to the saucepot. Add a little of the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/stock/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 chicken stock}} and ancho stock to thin the sauce a bit. It should remain thick enough to coat the back of a spoon. Add the shredded chicken to the sauce then serve with warm corn or flour tortillas for wrapping. Garnish with pepitas.}