{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13960\viewh16620\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs58 \cf0 Broiled Lemon-Garlic Chicken\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs38 \cf2 Serves: 
\b0 \cf0 4 servings\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs42 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}2 lemons\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 to 3 cloves {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/garlic/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 garlic}}, finely chopped\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/salt/index.html"}}{\fldrslt Kosher salt}}\cf0  and freshly ground pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 half chickens (3 to 3 1/4 pounds total)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 Position an oven rack about 8 to 10 inches from the broiler and preheat. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/grate/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Grate}} the lemon {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/zest/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 zest}} and combine in a small bowl with the butter, garlic, 1/2 teaspoon salt, and pepper to taste. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/mash/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Mash}} with a fork to make a smooth paste.\
With your fingers, gently loosen the skin on the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/chicken/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 chicken}} breasts, legs and thighs. Spread the flavored butter under the skin as evenly as possible. Halve the lemons and squeeze 2 halves over the chicken; season with salt and pepper.\
Place the chicken {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/skin/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 skin}}-side up on a broiler pan (or a rack on a baking sheet). Position the halves about 2 inches apart with the thick parts of the legs facing the center. Arrange the remaining 2 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/lemon/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 lemon}} halves cut-side down next to the chicken.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/broil/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Broil}} the chicken until the skin is light brown and crisp, about 8 minutes. If the chicken browns too quickly, lower the oven rack. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/flip/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Flip}} the chicken and the lemons and continue to broil until almost cooked through (a thermometer inserted into the thickest part will register 160 degrees), about 15 minutes. Remove the lemons, if browned; turn the chicken again and broil until the skin is brown and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/crisp/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 crisp}} and the thermometer registers 165 degrees, about 2 more minutes. Serve the chicken with the broiled lemons for squeezing on top.\
\
}