{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13140\viewh14420\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl500\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs46 \cf0 Broiled Hot Pepper Wings
\f1\b0\fs26 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260\ql\qnatural

\b \cf2 Serves: 
\b0 \cf0 6 to 8 servings\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs42 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl420\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs40 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons vegetable oil, plus extra for oiling rack\
{\listtext	\'95	}5 pounds chicken wings, split, wing tips cut off and discarded\
{\listtext	\'95	}Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup hot pepper jelly (recommended: Stonewall Kitchens)\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup freshly squeezed lime juice\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup hot sauce (recommended: Frank's)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs42 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs40 \cf0 Preheat the broiler. Line a sheet pan with foil, place a rack on top of the pan and oil the rack.\
Toss the wings with the 2 tablespoons oil and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Spread the wings on the rack in 1 layer. Broil 4 to 5 inches from the heat, turning over once, until barely cooked through, 15 to 20 minutes.\
In a small saucepan over moderate heat, whisk the hot pepper jelly, lime juice and hot sauce until smooth. Bring to a boil, reduce the heat and let simmer 1 to 2 minutes. Brush 1/4 cup sauce on the cooked wings and broil 1 to 2 minutes. Brush the wings with 1/4 cup sauce again, and then turn the wings over and brush with another 1/4 cup sauce. Broil until crispy about, 2 to 3 minutes. Brush with the remaining sauce before serving.}