{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red61\green61\blue61;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13220\viewh15020\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri1000\sl500\sa80\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs50 \cf2 Buffalo Chicken Lettuce Wraps\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs30 \cf2 Yield: 
\b0 16 lettuce cups
\f0\b\fs44 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf2 Ingredients\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\sa80\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs34 \cf2 Spicy Salsa:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl420\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0 \cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}2 green onions, chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup sweet marinated peppers, chopped (recommended: Peppadew)\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tomato, diced\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup pickled jalapenos, chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons olive oil\
{\listtext	\'95	}Salt and freshly ground black pepper\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\sa80\ql\qnatural

\b \cf2 Blue Cheese Sauce:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl420\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\b0 \cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}1 cup mayonnaise\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup sour cream\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup blue cheese\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 lemons, juiced\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 lemon, zested\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 lime, zested\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon chopped garlic\
{\listtext	\'95	}Salt and freshly ground black pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon chopped fresh cilantro\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon chopped fresh chives\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\sa80\ql\qnatural

\b \cf2 Buffalo Chicken:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl420\ql\qnatural
\ls3\ilvl0
\b0 \cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup mild hot sauce\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 pound boneless, skinless chicken breasts, cut into 1-inch strips\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup flour\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon paprika\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}Olive oil, for frying\
{\listtext	\'95	}16 Bibb lettuce leaves, washed, dried, and separated\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf2 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa180\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs34 \cf2 For the salsa: Combine all ingredients in a medium bowl. Allow to marinate.\
For the blue cheese sauce: In a small bowl, combine the mayonnaise, sour cream, blue cheese, lemon juice, lemon zest, lime juice, garlic, and salt and pepper, to taste. Mix in the cilantro, chives, and parsley.\
For the chicken: Place the hot sauce into a bowl. Dredge the chicken with the hot sauce. In a casserole dish, mix together the flour, salt, paprika, and pepper. Dredge the chicken in the flour mixture. Shake off any excess flour.\
In a large skillet over medium-high heat, add olive oil to about 1/4-inch up the sides of the skillet. When the oil is hot (it will bubble around the handle of a wooden spoon), add the chicken to the skillet. After 4 minutes, turn the chicken over and cook until the chicken is browned and cooked through, about 4 more minutes.\
Place the lettuce leaves on a platter and spoon the chicken into the lettuce. Top the chicken with 1 tablespoon of the blue cheese sauce and salsa. Serve immediately.}