{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13720\viewh17120\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Butterflied Jerk Chicken\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs32 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 4 servings\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs36 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Indoor: Preheat oven to 425 degrees F. Follow directions for preparing chicken. Lay chicken (skin side up) on a foil-lined pan. Roast in preheated oven for 30 minutes. Turn, brush with glaze and continue roasting for 10 minutes. Turn once more generously brush with glaze and cook an additional 10 to 15 minutes or until done.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs42 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 For {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/chicken/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Chicken}}:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs40 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 whole roasting chicken\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/jamaican-jerk-seasoning/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Jamaican jerk seasoning}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 teaspoon ground cloves\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon\
{\listtext	\'95	}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs42 \cf0 For Glaze:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs40 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 cup dark {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/rum/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 rum}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup frozen {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/pineapple/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 pineapple}} juice concentrate\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/allspice/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 allspice}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sugar/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 brown sugar}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs42 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs40 \cf0 To {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/butterfly/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 butterfly}} chicken, start by removing neck, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/giblets/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 giblets}}, and cut away excess fat. Next, take a pair of kitchen shears and cut along both sides of backbone to remove. Turn chicken over skin side up and press down between the breasts to break the keel bone (this will allow the chicken to lay very flat on grill).\
In a small bowl, combine jerk seasoning, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/clove/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cloves}}, and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cinnamon/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cinnamon}}. Sprinkle liberally over all sides of chicken; set aside. Chicken can be prepared up to this point a day ahead.\
For glaze: In a small pot over medium-high heat, combine all {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/glaze/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 glaze}} ingredients. Bring to boil and cook until glaze thickens, about 15 to 20 minutes. Remove from heat; set aside.\
Set up grill for indirect grilling over medium heat or heat a 10-inch cast iron grill pan over medium-high heat. Oil {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/grate/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 grate}} when ready to start cooking.\
Place the chicken in the skillet skin side down and cook until skin is {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/crisp/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 crisp}} and has nice grill marks. Brush the flesh side with the glaze, then turn the chicken over and brush the skin side. Transfer the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/grill-pan/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 grill pan}} to the oven and bake until chicken is cooked golden and the internal temperature of the thigh registers 180 degrees F on an instant-read thermometer, about 30 minutes. Transfer to cutting board; let rest 5 minutes before cutting. Serve hot.}