{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Casserole Queen Pot Pie\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs32 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 6 to 8 servings\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs36 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 sheet frozen {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/puff-pastry/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 puff pastry}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/butter/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 butter}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 roasted {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/chicken/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 chicken}}, shredded\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup chopped red sweet pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 medium shallots, thinly sliced\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/flour/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 all-purpose flour}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}3/4 teaspoon salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon dried tarragon, crushed\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 teaspoon black pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 cups {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/milk/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 milk}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cream/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 heavy cream}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/3 cup dry white wine\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 cups peas, blanched\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 cups {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/carrot/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 carrots}}, blanched\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/potato/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 potatoes}}, peeled, diced, and boiled\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 egg plus 1 tablespoon milk, for egg wash\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 Thaw puff pastry according to package directions.\
Preheat oven to 425 degrees F.\
Meanwhile, in a large skillet melt butter over medium-high heat. Add chicken, sweet pepper, and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/shallot/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 shallots}} and cook 5 minutes, stirring frequently. Stir in flour, salt, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/tarragon/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 tarragon}}, and black pepper. Add milk and cream all at once. Cook and stir until thickened and bubbly. Stir in wine, peas, carrots and potatoes; heat thoroughly. Transfer the hot chicken mixture to a 1 1/2-quart casserole. Place pastry over the hot chicken mixture in {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/casserole/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 casserole dish}}. Brush puff pastry with {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/egg-wash/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 egg wash}} then cut slits in the pastry to allow steam to escape. Bake in the preheated oven for 30 to 45 minutes.\
This recipe was provided by professional chefs and has been scaled down from a bulk recipe provided by a restaurant. The Food Network Kitchens chefs have not tested this recipe, in the proportions indicated, and therefore, we cannot make any representation as to the results.\
}