{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12660\viewh14520\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs50 \cf0 Cheesy Chicken Parmesan\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs30 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 6 servings\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}6 boneless chicken breasts\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 3/4 cups {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/flour/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 all-purpose flour}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 eggs, beaten\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 cups {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/breadcrumbs/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 bread crumbs}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 tablespoons {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/vegetable-oils/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 vegetable oil}}, for frying\
{\listtext	\'95	}Tomato Sauce, recipe follows\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 cups shredded mozzarella\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup grated Parmesan\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.\
On a cutting board, place the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/chicken/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 chicken breasts}} between a piece of {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/plastic-wrap/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 plastic wrap}} and pound the chicken out until it is 1/2-inch thick.\
In 3 separate shallow dishes, place the flour, eggs, and bread crumbs. Season the chicken with salt and pepper. Dredge the cutlets through the flour, then eggs, and then the bread crumbs.\
In a large skillet over medium-high heat, heat the vegetable oil. Place the cutlets in the oil and fry until brown on each side, about 2 to 3 minutes per side. Place the cooked cutlets in a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cookware-and-bakeware-materials/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 baking dish}}. Spoon tomato sauce over each cutlet and sprinkle evenly with the cheeses. Bake for 10 to 15 minutes, until the cheese is melted and bubbly.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/tomato-sauce/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Tomato Sauce}}\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons olive oil\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 medium onion, chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/garlic/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cloves garlic}}, minced\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 teaspoon red pepper flakes\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 (20-ounce) cans crushed tomatoes\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons fresh basil leaves, chiffonade\
{\listtext	\'95	}Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 In a large saucepan over medium-high heat, add the olive oil and saute the onion and garlic. Add salt, pepper, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/red-pepper-flakes/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 red pepper flakes}} and cook until fragrant and tender; about 3 minutes. Add tomatoes, basil, and let simmer for 30 to 45 minutes. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper.\
}