{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs50 \cf0 Chicken Parmesan Rollatini
\f1\b0\fs34 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\b\fs30 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 4 servings\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs34 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs42 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs40 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 cup fat-free low-sodium {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/broth/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 chicken broth}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/garlic/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 clove garlic}}, thinly sliced\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 14.5-ounce can crushed San Marzano or fire-roasted tomatoes 5 or 6 fresh {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/basil/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 basil}} leaves, torn into small pieces\
{\listtext	\'95	}Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 thin (1/8-inch-thick) chicken cutlets (4 ounces each)\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup chopped fresh {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/parsley/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 parsley}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}6 ounces shredded part-skim {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/mozzarella/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 mozzarella cheese}} (about 1 cup)\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup grated {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/parmigiano-reggiano/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 parmesan cheese}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/breadcrumbs/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 breadcrumbs}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 large egg white\
{\listtext	\'95	}Cooking spray\
{\listtext	\'95	}Instant polenta, for serving (optional)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs42 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs40 \cf0 Position a rack in the upper third of the oven and preheat to 450 degrees F. Cook the broth, garlic, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/tomato/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 tomatoes}} and basil in a skillet over medium-high heat, stirring occasionally, until slightly thickened, about 15 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Cover to keep warm.\
Season the chicken with salt and pepper; place smooth-side down on a work surface. Sprinkle with the parsley and mozzarella. Starting at the short end, roll up to enclose the filling. Secure with a toothpick.\
Mix the parmesan and breadcrumbs in a shallow dish. Put the egg white in another dish and beat until foamy.\
Mist a cast-iron skillet with {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cooking-spray/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cooking spray}}. Dip the chicken rolls in the egg white, then coat with the breadcrumb mixture. Place in the skillet, seam-side down. Sprinkle with any remaining breadcrumbs and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/mist/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 mist}} with cooking spray. Bake until cooked through, about 20 minutes. Serve with the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/tomato-sauce/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 tomato sauce}}, and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/polenta/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 polenta}}, if desired.\
\
}