{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red61\green61\blue61;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11660\viewh17480\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri1000\sl500\sa80\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b\fs50 \cf2 Chicken Pot Pie
\f1\b0\fs30 \cf2 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b \cf2 	Yield: 
\b0 \cf2 4 servings\
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs34 		\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl420\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 pounds poached chicken, diced or shredded\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons olive oil, divided\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 medium onion, chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 celery stalks, chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 carrots, sliced\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 medium potatoes, cut into 1/2-inch pieces\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 pound green beans, trimmed and chopped into 1/2-inch pieces\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 cloves garlic, minced\
{\listtext	\'95	}Leaves from 4 fresh thyme sprigs\
{\listtext	\'95	}Needles from 1 fresh rosemary sprig, chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 bay leaf\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 quart chicken stock\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup heavy cream\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 frozen puff pastry sheets, thawed\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 egg mixed with 3 tablespoons water\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup shredded Parmigiano-Reggiano\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa180\ql\qnatural
\cf2       \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf2 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa180\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs34 \cf2 Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.\
In a small saucepan, heat the chicken stock. In a large pot or Dutch oven, melt the butter and saute the onions, carrots and celery over medium-low heat for 10 to 15 minutes, until translucent.  Add the potatoes, green beans, garlic and cook for 2 more minutes.  Add the flour and cook over low heat, stirring constantly, for 2 minutes.Add the hot chicken stock to the sauce.  Simmer over low heat for 1 more minute, stirring, until thick. Add 2 teaspoons salt, 1/2 teaspoon pepper, and heavy cream.  Add the chicken.  Mix well.
\f0\b\fs44 \cf2 \

\f1\b0\fs34 \cf2 Spray 4 individual-sized baking dishes with cooking spray. \
Lay the thawed puff pastry sheets on a lightly floured, cool surface. Invert individual crocks on the pastry sheet and, using a sharp knife, cut circles around the outside of the bowls, slightly larger than the bowl itself.  Fill the crocks 3/4 of the way with the chicken mixture, making sure each serving has a nice amount of chicken, vegetables, and broth.  Carefully cap each crock with a pastry circle, pressing the dough around the rim to form a seal.  Lightly beat the egg with 3 tablespoons of water to make an egg wash and brush some on the pastry.  Sprinkle the pastry with the Parmigiano.  Set the crocks on a cookie sheet and transfer to the oven.  Bake for 20 minutes, until puffed and golden.\
}