{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red61\green61\blue61;\red6\green124\blue174;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww22300\viewh20240\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri1000\sl500\sa80\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf2 Chicken Mole Enchiladas\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs38 \cf2 Yield: 
\b0 4 to 6 servings\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa140\ql\qnatural

\fs48 \cf2 Ingredients
\fs52 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl420\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf2 {\listtext	
\fs46 \'95	}
\fs42 2 chicken breasts\
{\listtext	\'95	}Salt and freshly ground black pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup olive oil\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\sa80\ql\qnatural

\b \cf3 Mole\cf2 :\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl420\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\b0 \cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}5 dried pasilla chiles, (or dried anocho chiles) stemmed and seeded\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup hot water\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 (6-inch) corn tortillas, grilled {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/crisp/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 crisp}}, recipe follows (or handful of regular tortilla chips)\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons olive oil\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 medium onions, chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 garlic cloves, minced\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 3/4 cups {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/stock/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 chicken stock}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 tablespoons smooth {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/peanut-butter/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 peanut butter}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon dried {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/oregano/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 oregano}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}5.5 ounces Mexican chocolate, chopped, (recommended: Ibarra*)\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl420\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf3 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/salt/index.html"}}{\fldrslt Kosher salt}}\cf2  and freshly ground black pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\sa80\ql\qnatural

\b \cf2 Enchiladas:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl420\ql\qnatural
\ls3\ilvl0
\b0 \cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}12 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/tortilla/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 corn tortillas}}, warmed\
{\listtext	\'95	}Olive oil, as needed\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup creme fraiche (or {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sour-cream/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 sour cream}})\
{\listtext	\'95	}3/4 cup queso fresco (or mild Feta)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs56 \cf2 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa180\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs46 \cf2 For the chicken breasts: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. On a baking sheet, season the chicken breasts with salt, pepper and olive oil, and bake for 10 to 15 minutes until cooked through or, set aside to cool, then {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/shred/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 shred}} into small (1-inch) pieces.\
For the Mole: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/reconstitute/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 Reconstitute}} the dried chiles by soaking them in 1 1/2 cups hot water for 15 minutes, then {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/drain/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 drain}} and set aside. Grill the 2 corn tortillas in a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/grill-pan/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 grill pan}} until dry, crisp and golden. Tear into pieces and set aside. In a heavy large {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/saucepan/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 saucepan}}, heat the oil over medium heat. Add the onions, season with a little salt and saute 3 minutes, or until translucent. Then add the minced garlic and cook 2 minutes more. Transfer onion and garlic mixture to {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/blender/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 blender}} with all remaining mole ingredients (except for the chocolate and chicken) and blend until very smooth. Then transfer the sauce to a medium saute pan and bring to {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/boil/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 boil}} over high heat. Reduce the heat to medium, cover and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/simmer/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 simmer}} 20 minutes. Stir in the chocolate. Season the mole with salt and pepper to taste. Reserve 1 cup of mole for garnishing the enchiladas, the rest will be used for dipping the tortillas.\
To assemble the enchiladas: Re-heat the shredded chicken if necessary and keep warm. In a medium saute pan (wide enough to fit the tortillas laying flat) over high heat add the oil to reach 1/2-inch up the side. When oil is hot, dip one tortilla at a time, and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/fry/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 fry}} for a few seconds just until soft and heated through. Lift out, let excess oil drip, then dip the fried tortilla directly into the warm mole (which should be right next to the pan for easy dipping) and place on a cutting board. Working quickly, put about 1/3 cup of the warm shredded chicken in the center, being careful not to over fill. Roll the tortilla like a cigar to enclose the filling and place in serving dish seam side down. (Individual {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/gratin/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 gratin}} dishes work great to hold the extra mole sauce or if serving family style, a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cookware-and-bakeware-materials/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 baking dish}} will work as well.) If necessary, use tongs or a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/spatula/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 spatula}} to place each {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/enchilada/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 enchilada}} seam side down in the dish. Continue to fill all of the tortillas and place them side-by-side. Pour the remaining, reserved Mole over the top, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/drizzle/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 drizzle}} with a little creme fraiche, sprinkle with queso fresco, and serve.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs56 \cf2 Notes\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa180\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs46 \cf2 Cook's Note: Queso Fresco is a white, mild, fresh Mexican cheese with the texture of fresh farmer's cheese in the US. Queso fresco can be found in many supermarkets, or can also substituted with a mild {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/feta/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 feta}} cheese.\
Cook's Note: The pasilla is a Mexican dried chile, also known as "ancho" or "chile negro" in the U.S. It is often used in moles and other Mexican sauces. It also can be sold as a fresh chile in the U.S. - similar to the poblano. They can be found at most supermarkets, Latin specialty markets or online.\
*Cooks note: Ibarra chocolate is a brand of Mexican chocolate that can be purchased in most national supermarkets. If you cannot find Ibarra or any {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/mexican-chocolate/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 Mexican chocolate}}, you can substitute one ounce of Mexican chocolate for: 1 (1-ounce) of semi-sweet chocolate, 1/2 teaspoon ground {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cinnamon/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 cinnamon}} and one drop of {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/almond-extract/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 almond extract}}\
}