{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red84\green84\blue84;\red51\green51\blue51;\red0\green101\blue159;
}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl520\sa80\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs64 \cf0 Chicken Fajita Crescent Braid\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\fs38 \cf2 Yield:  \cf0 6 servings\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\ql\qnatural

\fs48 \cf0 INGREDIENTS\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0\fs44 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 (8-ounce) can Pillsbury(R) Crescent Recipe Creations(R) refrigerated seamless dough sheet\
{\listtext	\'95	}or 1 (8-ounce) can Pillsbury(R) refrigerated crescent dinner rolls\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon vegetable oil\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 small boneless skinless chicken breasts, cut into 1 by 1/2 by 1/2-inch strips\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 clove garlic, finely chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon chile powder\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1/4 teaspoon salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 small onion, thinly sliced\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup (2 by 1 by 1/4-inch) green or red bell pepper strips\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup salsa\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 cups shredded Cheddar-Monterey Jack cheese blend (8 ounces)\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 egg white, beaten\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\ql\qnatural

\b\fs48 \cf0 DIRECTIONS\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa160\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs44 \cf3 Heat the oven to 375 degrees F. Coat a large {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cookie/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 cookie}} sheet with {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cooking-spray/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 cooking spray}}. If using crescent rolls, unroll the dough and press into 12 by 8-inch rectangle, firmly pressing perforations to seal. If using the crescent dough sheet, unroll the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/dough/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 dough}} and press into a 12 by 8-inch rectangle. \uc0\u8232 In a 10-inch skillet, heat 1 tablespoon oil over medium-high heat. Add the chicken strips and stir in garlic, chile powder, and salt. Cook 3 to 5 minutes, stirring occasionally, until lightly browned. Add the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/onion/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 onion}} and bell pepper strips and cook 2 to 3 minutes longer or until chicken is no longer pink in center and vegetables are crisp-tender. \uc0\u8232 Spoon the chicken mixture in 4-inch strip lengthwise down center of rolled out dough. Top with {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/salsa/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 salsa}} and sprinkle with cheese. With scissors or sharp knife, make cuts 1-inch apart on long sides of dough within of 1/2-inch filling. Alternately cross strips over the filling and press edges to seal. Brush with {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/eggs/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 egg}} white. \uc0\u8232 Bake 20 to 25 minutes or until the dough is deep golden brown. Cool 5 minutes. Cut crosswise into slices.\
}