{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Papyrus;
\f3\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13900\viewh17820\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs56 \cf0 chicken parmesan
\f1\fs40  \
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f2\fs34 \cf0 This recipe is deceptively healthy\'96well, for chicken parmesan, that is.\'a0\'a0 
\f1 \

\f2 The chicken is lightly breaded, browned in a skillet for some flavor and 
\f1 \

\f2 color and then baked.\'a0 It\'92s so delicious, especially with some simple 
\f1 \

\f2 linguine or spaghetti noodles.
\f1  \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\fs24 \cf0  
\fs40 \

\f3 2 chicken breast halves, boneless and skinless
\f1  \

\f3 1/2 cup breadcrumbs
\f1  \

\f3 1 tbsp dried oregano
\f1  \

\f3 1 tbsp dried basil
\f1  \

\f3 1 tbsp dried thyme
\f1  \

\f3 2 tsp kosher salt
\f1  \

\f3 1 tsp ground black pepper
\f1  \

\f3 2 tbsp olive oil
\f1  \

\f3 2 cups tomato/marinara sauce
\f1  \

\f3 4 oz fresh mozzarella, thinly sliced
\f1  \

\f3 2 tbsp grated Parmesan
\f1  \
\

\f3 Preheat the oven to 500 degrees F.
\f1  \

\f3 Combine the herbs, salt, pepper and bread crumbs in a 
\f1 \

\f3 shallow dish to blend. Cover chicken breasts with mixture 
\f1 \

\f3 and shake off any excess.
\f1  \

\f3 Heat olive oil in large oven-proof skillet over medium-high 
\f1 \

\f3 heat.\'a0 Add the chicken and cook just until brown, about 3 
\f1 \

\f3 minutes per side. Remove the skillet from the heat.
\f1  \

\f3 Spoon the marinara sauce over and around the chicken. 
\f1 \

\f3 Sprinkle parmesan over each chicken breast.\'a0 Cover each 
\f1 \

\f3 chicken breast with mozzarella slices.
\f1  \

\f3 Bake, covered with foil, for 10 minutes and then uncovered 
\f1 \

\f3 for 5 minutes, until the cheese melts and the chicken is 
\f1 \

\f3 cooked through.
\f1 \

\f3 \
\
\
\
}