{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12020\viewh12720\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs50 \cf0 Chicken-and-Cheese Enchiladas\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs30 \cf2 Serves:
\b   
\b0 \cf0 4 servings\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs34 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 small red onion, halved\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 pounds tomatillos, husked and rinsed\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 to 2 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/serrano-chile/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 serrano chile}} peppers, stemmed and seeded\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup low-sodium {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/broth/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 chicken broth}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}Kosher salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}Pinch of sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}8 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/tortilla/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 corn tortillas}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 cups shredded {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/rotisserie/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 rotisserie chicken}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 1/2 cups shredded mozzarella and/or {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/monterey-jack/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Monterey Jack cheese}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/3 cup fresh cilantro\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/olive-oil/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 extra-virgin olive oil}}, plus more for greasing\
{\listtext	\'95	}3/4 cup crumbled queso fresco or {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/feta/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 feta cheese}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 Preheat the broiler. Slice half of the onion into thin rings and set aside. Place the other onion half, tomatillos and serranos on a foil-lined baking sheet and broil until the vegetables are soft and slightly brown, 7 to 10 minutes, turning as needed. Transfer the vegetables and any liquid to a blender, add the broth and puree. Season with 1/2 teaspoon salt and the sugar.\
Meanwhile, stack the tortillas, wrap in a damp paper towel and microwave just until warm and soft, 1 minute; keep covered. Toss the chicken with 2 cups shredded cheese in a bowl. Spoon a portion of the chicken mixture down the middle of each tortilla. Add a few cilantro leaves and roll up. Place the enchiladas side by side in a lightly oiled 9-by-13-inch {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cookware-and-bakeware-materials/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 baking dish}} and brush with the 2 tablespoons olive oil. Broil until crisp and golden, 3 minutes.\
Pour the tomatillo sauce over the enchiladas and top with the remaining 1/2 cup shredded cheese. Return to the oven and broil until the cheese is bubbly and golden brown, 3 to 5 minutes. Garnish with the onion rings, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/queso-fresco/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 queso fresco}} and any remaining cilantro.}