{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f2\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;\red0\green0\blue128;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13740\viewh14760\viewkind0
\deftab1134
\pard\pardeftab1134\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs54 \cf0 Chicken with Cocoa Tomato Sauce\
\pard\pardeftab1134\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs32 \cf2 Serves: 
\b0 \cf0 4 servings
\b \cf2 \

\b0\fs30 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab1134\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs46 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab1134\li720\fi-720\ri-612\sl400\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0 \cf0 4 boneless, skinless chicken breast halves\
\pard\pardeftab1134\ql\qnatural
\cf0 1/2 teaspoon salt, plus 1/2 teaspoon salt
\f2\fs34 \

\f1\fs46 1/4 teaspoon pepper, plus 1/2 teaspoon pepper
\f2\fs34 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab1134\li720\fi-720\ri-612\sl400\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs46 \cf0 3 tablespoons {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/olive-oil/index.html"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs34 \cf3 \ul \ulc0 olive oil}}\cf2  , for cooking
\f2\fs34 \cf0 \

\f1\fs46 1 cup chopped onion\
1 teaspoon minced {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/garlic/index.html"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs34 \cf3 \ul \ulc0 garlic}}
\f2\fs34 \
\pard\pardeftab1134\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs46 \cf0 1 pint {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/tomato-sauce/index.html"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs34 \cf3 \ul \ulc0 tomato sauce}}
\f2\fs34 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab1134\li720\fi-720\ri-612\sl400\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs46 \cf0 1 pint diced tomatoes\
\pard\pardeftab1134\ql\qnatural
\cf0 1/2 cup chicken broth
\f2\fs34 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab1134\li720\fi-720\ri-612\sl400\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs46 \cf0 1 tablespoon unsweetened {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cocoa-powder/index.html"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs34 \cf3 \ul \ulc0 cocoa powder}}
\f2\fs34 \

\f1\fs46 1 teaspoon dried oregano\
\pard\pardeftab1134\ql\qnatural
\cf0 1 teaspoon dried basil
\f2\fs34 \

\f1\fs46 1 teaspoon sugar
\f2\fs34 \

\f1\fs46 Yellow rice, cooked and kept warm
\f2\fs34 \
\
\pard\pardeftab1134\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs46 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab1134\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0 \cf0 Season both sides of {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/chicken/index.html"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs34 \cf3 \ul \ulc0 chicken breasts}}\cf2   with 1/2 teaspoon of salt and 1/4 teaspoon of pepper. In a cast iron skillet, heat 2 tablespoons olive oil over medium heat. Add the chicken and cook until browned, about 10 minutes on each side. Remove the chicken from pan to a plate and set aside.
\f2\fs34 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab1134\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs46 \cf0 Add the remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil, onion, and garlic to the skillet and cook for 2 minutes, stirring frequently. Add the tomato sauce, diced {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/tomato/index.html"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs34 \cf3 \ul \ulc0 tomatoes}}\cf2  , {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/broth/index.html"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs34 \cf3 \ul \ulc0 chicken broth}} , cocoa, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/oregano/index.html"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs34 \cf3 \ul \ulc0 oregano}} , basil, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sugar/index.html"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs34 \cf3 \ul \ulc0 sugar}} , 1/2 teaspoon of salt, and 1/2 teaspoon of pepper. Stir until well blended. Return the chicken to pan, cover and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/simmer/index.html"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs34 \cf3 \ul \ulc0 simmer}}  for 15 minutes. Turn chicken over and continue cooking, covered for 15 minutes. Arrange the chicken on a serving platter and serve over rice.
\f2\fs34 \cf0 \
}