{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red66\green66\blue66;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11120\viewh14900\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl680\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs64 \cf0 Chicken Satay Recipe
\b\fs28 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
\cf2 \
Servings: Serves 6
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\fs52 \cf2 Ingredients\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural

\b\fs36 \cf2 Sauce
\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl360\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\fs28 \cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}1 clove garlic cut in half\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup light coconut milk\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup sweet potato puree\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 Tbsp. natural creamy peanut butter\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 Tbsp. reduced-sodium soy sauce\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 Tbsp. lime juice (about 1 large lime)\
{\listtext	\'95	}Pinch cayenne pepper\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs36 \cf2 Skewers
\f1\b0\fs28 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl360\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 pound boneless, skinless chicken breasts\
{\listtext	\'95	}30 10-inch wooden skewers\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 tsp. salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 tsp. garlic powder\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 tsp. pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 tsp. sweet paprika\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 Tbsp. olive oil\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs36 \cf2 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs28 \cf2 Chop the garlic in a mini-chopper. Add the coconut milk, sweet potato puree, peanut butter, soy sauce, lime juice and cayenne. Blend until smooth. Set aside.\
Cut the chicken into thin strips, about 1-inch wide. Thread the chicken onto the skewers. Sprinkle with the salt, garlic powder, pepper and paprika.\
\
Warm 1 tablespoon of the olive oil in a large skillet. Add half the skewers. Cook 7 to 8 minutes per side, turning once, until the chicken is cooked through and no longer pink. Transfer to a platter and add the remaining tablespoon of oil. Repeat with the rest of the skewers. Serve immediately with dipping sauce.}