{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14760\viewh14720\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl500\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs46 \cf0 Chicken Tamales
\f1\b0\fs26 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260\ql\qnatural

\b \cf2 Serves: 
\b0 \cf0 12 servings\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs30 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs46 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl420\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs44 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}14 large {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/corn-husks/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 corn husks}} (available at Latin markets and many grocery stores)\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 2- to 3-pound {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/rotisserie/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 rotisserie}} chicken, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/skin/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 skin}} removed and meat shredded (about 6 cups)\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup shredded Mexican-{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/blend/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 blend}} cheese\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup chopped fresh {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cilantro/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cilantro}}, plus more for garnish\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup frozen green peas\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/pimiento/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 pimiento}}-stuffed green olives, drained and halved\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 cups bottled green {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/salsa/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 salsa}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 cups self-rising yellow cornmeal mix\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs46 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs44 \cf0 Place the corn husks in warm water; soak for 30 minutes, or until they're soft and pliable.\
While the husks soak, stir together the chicken, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cheese/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cheese}}, cilantro, peas, olives and salsa in a bowl. Add the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cornmeal/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cornmeal}} mix and stir until combined.\
Remove 2 corn husks from the water. Tear into 12 thin strips for tying up the tamales; set aside.\
Unfold a soaked husk, wide-end up, on a work surface. Starting at the top edge, spoon 2/3 cup filling down the center and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/mold/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 mold}} into a 4-by-2-inch rectangle, leaving room at the bottom for folding.\
Roll up the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/tamale/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 tamale}} {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/jelly-roll/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 jelly roll}}-style to enclose the filling. Fold up the bottom end of the husk and tie with one of the strips of husk. Repeat with the remaining husks, filling and ties.\
Add 1 inch of water to a deep pot with a tight-fitting lid; place a steamer basket in the pot. Arrange the tamales upright (closed-end down) in the basket. Bring the water to a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/boil/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 boil}} over medium-high heat; cover and steam the tamales for 25 minutes, adding more water as needed.\
Carefully remove the tamales from the steamer and let stand for 5 minutes. Transfer to a platter; untie and open the husks, then {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/garnish/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 garnish}} the tamales with chopped fresh cilantro.}