{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red164\green194\blue114;\red47\green43\blue34;\red45\green57\blue24;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17120\viewh16080\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa400\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs58 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd8\expndtw40
Chicken Picatta\
\pard\pardeftab720\li40\ri760\sl360\sa120\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs42 \cf3 \kerning1\expnd4\expndtw20
2 boneless, skinless chicken breasts\uc0\u8232 1/2 cup all-purpose flour\u8232 1/2 cup plain breadcrumbs\u8232 1 egg, beaten\u8232 1/3 cup (about 2-3 lemons) freshly squeezed lemon juice\u8232 1 tbsp. olive oil\u8232 1/4 cup capers, drained\u8232 1 tbsp. fresh Italian parsley, chopped\u8232 1/2 cup white wine (Chardonnay) or chicken stock, if preferred\u8232 3 tbsp. unsalted butter, divided\u8232 1 lemon with peel, thinly sliced, seeds removed\u8232 1 tsp. kosher salt, plus more to taste and to coat chicken\u8232 1/2 tsp. ground black pepper, plus more to taste and to coat chicken\u8232 1 pinch granulated sugar, to taste\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa380\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs48 \cf4 \kerning1\expnd8\expndtw40
Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\li40\ri760\sl360\sa120\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs42 \cf3 \kerning1\expnd4\expndtw20
Preheat oven to 400 degrees.\
Place chicken breasts between two sheets of plastic wrap or parchment paper and pound evenly until approximately 1/4-inch thick. Once flattened, season both sides generously with kosher salt and ground black pepper.\
Combine flour, 1/2 tsp. kosher salt and 1/4 tsp. ground black pepper in a shallow dish. In another shallow dish, combine breadcrumbs, 1/2 tsp. kosher salt and 1/4 tsp. ground black pepper. In a third shallow dish, pour beaten egg. Take each seasoned chicken breast and dip into (1) the flour mixture, then (2) the beaten egg and then (3) the breadcrumb mixture, taking care to shake off excess each time.\
Heat olive oil over medium-high heat in oven-proof, non-stick skillet. Once oil is hot, transfer breaded chicken to skillet and cook until golden, approx. 2-3 minutes per side. Once golden on each side, transfer skillet to oven and bake for an additional 8-10 minutes.\
In a separate saucepan, melt 1 1/2 tbsp. butter. Once butter is melted, add lemon juice, lemon slices, wine (or chicken stock, if preferred), capers and parsley. Boil until reduced by half, about 5 minutes. Remove from heat and then add remaining 1 1/2 tbsp. unsalted butter and stir to melt. Season with salt and/or pepper if needed. If sauce is too tart or bitter, add a tiny pinch of granulated sugar, as needed.\
To serve, plate chicken and drizzle sauce over and around on the plate. Garnish with cooked lemon slices, if desired.\
\
\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural
\cf3 \kerning1\expnd4\expndtw20
Enjoy!
\f0\fs44 \cf4 \kerning1\expnd8\expndtw40
\
}