{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww18300\viewh21320\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs58 \cf0 Chicken Pot Pie I\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs38 \cf2 Serves:\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf0 4 individual pot pies\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs42 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}3 whole (6 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/split/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 split}}) chicken breasts, bone-in, skin-on\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 tablespoons olive oil\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/salt/index.html"}}{\fldrslt Kosher salt}}\cf0 \
{\listtext	\'95	}Freshly ground black pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}5 cups {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/stock/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 chicken stock}}, preferably homemade\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 chicken {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/bouillon/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 bouillon}} cubes\
{\listtext	\'95	}12 tablespoons (1 1/2 sticks) unsalted butter\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 cups yellow onions, chopped (2 onions)\
{\listtext	\'95	}3/4 cup all-purpose flour\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup heavy {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cream/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cream}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 cups medium-diced carrots, blanched for 2 minutes\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 (10-ounce) package frozen peas (2 cups)\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 cups frozen small whole onions\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup minced fresh parsley leaves\
{\listtext	\'95	}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 For the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/pastry/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 pastry}}: 
\b0\fs40 (see recipe below for using Puff Pastry)
\b \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}3 cups all-purpose flour\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 teaspoons kosher salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon baking powder\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/vegetable-shortening/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 vegetable shortening}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 pound cold unsalted butter, diced\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 to 2/3 cup ice water\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 egg beaten with 1 tablespoon water, for egg wash\
{\listtext	\'95	}Flaked {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sea-salt/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 sea salt}} and cracked black pepper\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.\
Place the chicken breasts on a baking sheet and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/rub/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 rub}} them with olive oil. Sprinkle generously with salt and pepper. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/roast/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Roast}} for 35 to 40 minutes, or until cooked through. Set aside until cool enough to handle, then remove the meat from the bones and discard the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/skin/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 skin}}. Cut the chicken into large {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/dice/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 dice}}. You will have 4 to 6 cups of cubed chicken.\
In a small {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/saucepan/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 saucepan}}, heat the chicken stock and dissolve the bouillon cubes in the stock. In a large pot or {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/dutch-oven/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Dutch oven}}, melt the butter and saute the onions over medium-low heat for 10 to 15 minutes, until translucent. Add the flour and cook over low heat, stirring constantly, for 2 minutes. Add the hot chicken stock to the sauce. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/simmer/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Simmer}} over low heat for 1 more minute, stirring, until thick. Add 2 teaspoons salt, 1/2 teaspoon pepper, and heavy cream. Add the cubed chicken, carrots, peas, onions and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/parsley/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 parsley}}. Mix well.\
For the pastry, mix the flour, salt, and baking powder in the bowl of a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/food-processor/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 food processor}} fitted with a metal blade. Add the shortening and butter and mix quickly with your fingers until each piece is coated with flour. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/pulse/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Pulse}} 10 times, or until the fat is the size of peas. With the motor running, add the ice water; process only enough to {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/moisten/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 moisten}} the dough and have it just come together. Dump the dough out onto a floured board and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/knead/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 knead}} quickly into a ball. Wrap the dough in plastic and allow it to rest in the refrigerator for 30 minutes.\
Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.\
Divide the filling equally among 4 ovenproof bowls. Divide the dough into quarters and roll each piece into an 8-inch circle. Brush the outside edges of each bowl with the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/egg-wash/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 egg wash}}, then place the dough on top. Trim the circle to 1/2-inch larger than the top of the bowl. Crimp the dough to fold over the side, pressing it to make it stick. Brush the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/dough/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 dough}} with egg wash and make 3 slits in the top. Sprinkle with sea salt and cracked pepper. Place on a baking sheet and bake for 1 hour, or until the top is golden brown and the filling is bubbling hot.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f2\fs52 \cf0 Puff Pastry \

\fs44 \
2 (17 1/4 oz.) pkg. frozen puff pastry, thawed\
1 egg yolk\
1 tbsp. half & half\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa340\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Roll pastry sheets to 1/8 inch thickness. Cut pastry 1/2 inch larger than bowl(s). Combine egg yolk and 1 tablespoon half & half. Brush one side of pastry. Place brushed side down over bowl(s), folding edges under and pressing firmly to sides of bowl. Brush top with remaining egg mixture. Bake at 400 degrees for 15-20 minutes until top is puffed and browned. \
\
}