{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red164\green194\blue114;\red47\green43\blue34;\red45\green57\blue24;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17000\viewh17240\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa400\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs58 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd8\expndtw40
Chicken Cacciatore\
\pard\pardeftab720\li40\ri760\sl360\sa120\ql\qnatural

\f1\i\fs42 \cf3 \kerning1\expnd4\expndtw20
makes 4-6 servings
\i0 \kerning1\expnd4\expndtw20
\
4-6 chicken thighs, skin-on\uc0\u8232 pinch kosher salt to coat chicken\u8232 pinch ground black pepper to coat chicken\u8232 1 tbsp. olive oil\u8232 1 onion, chopped\u8232 8-10 mushrooms, quartered\u8232 4 cloves garlic, minced\u8232 1/2 cup white wine (I use a semi-dry Chardonnay)\u8232 28 oz. (1 can) diced tomatoes with juices\u8232 2 tbsp. capers, drained\u8232 1/2 tsp. dried oregano\u8232 5-6 fresh basil leaves, julienned\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa380\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs48 \cf4 \kerning1\expnd8\expndtw40
Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\li40\ri760\sl360\sa120\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs42 \cf3 \kerning1\expnd4\expndtw20
Lightly coat chicken with kosher salt and pepper.\
Heat olive oil in large skillet over medium-high heat. Add chicken, skin side down, and cook until golden, about 5-8 minutes. Flip over and cook other side until golden. Remove chicken from pan and set aside.\
Carefully pour out and discard 2/3 of the remaining oil and chicken drippings from the pan. Add onion, garlic and mushrooms to the same pan and cook over medium heat until the onion is tender, about 5-8 minutes. Add the tomatoes and their juices, capers, wine and oregano and stir to combine. Season to taste with additional salt or pepper if needed. Return the chicken to the pan. Bring to a simmer and simmer, uncovered, over medium-low heat for 20-25 minutes or until chicken is cooked through.\
Once chicken is cooked, remove and heat sauce on high to thicken for 5-10 minutes, if necessary. If very liquidy, boil until it reduces to desired amount.\
Garnish with julienned basil and serve.\
\
\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural
\cf3 \kerning1\expnd4\expndtw20
Enjoy!
\f0\fs44 \cf4 \kerning1\expnd8\expndtw40
\
}