{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid4}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Chicken and Dumplings\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs32 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 6 servings\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs36 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Roasted Chicken:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 (3-pound) whole chicken\
{\listtext	\'95	}Salt and freshly ground black pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 ounces {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/butter/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 unsalted butter}}, softened\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 lemon, halved and juiced; halves reserved\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4-cup fresh chopped {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/herbs/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 herbs}}, such as {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/thyme/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 thyme}}, parsley and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/rosemary/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 rosemary}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 onion, halved\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/garlic/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 garlic cloves}}, smashed\
{\listtext	\'95	}Fresh whole herbs, such as rosemary, thyme and parsley sprigs\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Remove the neck and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/giblets/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 giblets}} from the cavity of the chicken and discard. Rinse the chicken under cold water, inside and out. Pat dry thoroughly with paper towels. Season the body and cavity of the chicken generously with salt and pepper.\
In a small bowl, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/mash/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 mash}} together the butter, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/lemon/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 lemon juice}}, and chopped herbs. Rub the herbed butter all over the chicken, as well as under the skin. Put the lemon halves, onion, garlic, and whole herbs inside the chicken cavity, for added flavor. Tie the legs together with kitchen twine. Place the chicken, breast side up, in a roasting pan fitted with a rack. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/roast/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Roast}} for 1 hour until the meat is no longer pink. When cool enough to handle, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/shred/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 shred}} the meat, discarding the skin and set aside. Reserve the bones for chicken stock.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/stock/index.html"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\b\fs44 \cf2 Chicken Stock}}
\f0\b\fs44 :\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/olive-oil/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 olive oil}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/carrot/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 carrots}}, cut in large chunks\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 celery stalks, cut in large chunks\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/onion/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 onion}}, halved\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 garlic bulb, halved\
{\listtext	\'95	}Reserved chicken bones\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 quarts cold water\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 sprigs fresh parsley\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 sprigs fresh thyme\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 bay leaves\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 To prepare the stock, coat a large stockpot with olive oil and place over medium heat. Add the vegetables and saute for 3 minutes. Add the reserved chicken bones, water, and herbs; simmer for 1 hour. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/strain/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Strain}} the stock to remove the solids and set aside.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Dumplings:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls3\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}2 cups flour\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon baking powder\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 eggs\
{\listtext	\'95	}3/4 to 1 cup {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/buttermilk/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 buttermilk}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 To prepare the dumplings: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sift/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 sift}} dry ingredients together in a large bowl. In a small bowl, lightly beat the eggs and milk together; pour the liquid in the dry ingredients and gently fold. Mix just until the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/dough/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 dough}} comes together, the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/batter/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 batter}} should be thick and cake-like.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/supreme-sauce/index.html"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\b\fs44 \cf2 Supreme Sauce}}
\f0\b\fs44 :\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls4\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons butter\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon oil\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon flour\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup diced carrot\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup diced celery\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/garlic/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cloves garlic}}, minced\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/bay-leaf/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 bay leaves}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup flour\
{\listtext	\'95	}6 cups chicken stock\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup heavy cream\
{\listtext	\'95	}Freshly ground black pepper, for {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/garnish/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 garnish}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}Chopped {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/parsley/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 flat-leaf parsley}}, for garnish\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 To prepare Supreme Sauce: In a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/dutch-oven/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Dutch oven}}, melt butter and heat oil over medium heat. Add carrot, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/celery/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 celery}}, garlic, and bay leaves. Saute until the vegetables are soft, about 5 minutes. Stir in the flour to make a roux. Continue to stir and cook for 2 minutes to coat the flour and remove the starchy taste. Slowly pour in the chicken stock, 1 cup at a time, stirring well after each addition.\
Let sauce simmer until it is thick enough to coat the back of a spoon, about 15 minutes. Stir in {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cream/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 heavy cream}}.\
Fold the reserved shredded chicken into the sauce and bring up to a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/simmer/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 simmer}}. Using 2 spoons, carefully drop heaping tablespoonfuls of the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/dumpling/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 dumpling}} batter into the hot mixture. The dumplings should cover the top of the sauce, but should not be touching or crowded. Let the dumplings {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/poach/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 poach}} for 10 to 15 minutes until they are firm and puffy. Season with freshly cracked black pepper and garnish with chopped parsley before serving.\
}