{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15200\viewh17880\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Chicken Parmigiana\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs32 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 8 servings\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs36 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup all-purpose flour\
{\listtext	\'95	}Salt and freshly ground black pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}8 boneless, skinless chicken breasts, trimmed and pounded flat\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 pound thin linguine\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup olive oil\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons butter\
{\listtext	\'95	}Marinara Sauce, recipe below\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup freshly grated Parmesan, plus more if needed\
{\listtext	\'95	}Basil chiffonade, for serving\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 Mix the flour and some salt and pepper together on a large plate. Dredge the flattened chicken breasts in the flour mixture. Set aside.\
Cook the linguine until al dente.\
Heat the olive oil and butter together in a large skillet over medium heat. When the butter is melted and the oil/butter mixture is hot, fry the chicken breasts until nice and golden brown on each side, 2 to 3 minutes per side. Remove the chicken breasts from the skillet and set aside.\
Make Marinara Sauce, recipe below.\
Carefully lay the chicken breasts on top of the sauce and completely cover them in the grated Parmesan. Place the lid on the skillet and reduce the heat to low. Allow to simmer until the cheese is melted and the chicken is thoroughly heated. Add more cheese to taste.\
Place the cooked noodles on a plate and cover with the sauce. Place the chicken breasts on top and sprinkle with the basil chiffonade. Serve immediately.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs54 \cf0 Marinara Sauce\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs34 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 6 servings\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs36 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs46 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon good {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/olive-oil/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 olive oil}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup chopped yellow onion (1 onion)\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 teaspoons minced garlic\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup good red wine, such as {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/chianti/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Chianti}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 (28-ounce) can crushed tomatoes, or {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/plum-tomato/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 plum tomatoes}} in puree, chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon chopped fresh {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/parsley/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 flat-leaf parsley}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 teaspoons kosher salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs46 \cf0 Heat the olive oil in a large (12-inch) skillet. Add the onion and saute over medium heat until translucent, 5 to 10 minutes. Add the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/garlic/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 garlic}} and cook for 1 more minute. Add the wine and cook on high heat, scraping up all the brown bits in the pan, until almost all the liquid evaporates, about 3 minutes. Stir in the tomatoes, parsley, salt, and pepper. Cover, and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/simmer/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 simmer}} on the lowest heat for 15 minutes.}