{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww23500\viewh21160\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Chicken Soup with Matzo Balls
\f1\b0\fs26 \

\b \cf2 Serves: 
\b0 \cf0 10 servings\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}3 (5-pound) roasting chickens\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 large yellow onions, unpeeled and quartered\
{\listtext	\'95	}6 carrots, unpeeled and halved\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 stalks celery with leaves, cut into thirds\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 parsnips, unpeeled and cut in half (optional)\
{\listtext	\'95	}20 sprigs fresh parsley\
{\listtext	\'95	}15 sprigs fresh {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/thyme/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 thyme}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}20 sprigs fresh dill\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 head garlic, unpeeled and cut in half crosswise\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/salt/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 kosher salt}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 teaspoons whole black peppercorns\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 To serve:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}4 cups 1/4-inch-diced carrots\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 cups 1/4-inch-diced celery\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup minced fresh {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/dill/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 dill}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup minced fresh {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/parsley/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 parsley}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}Matzo Balls, (see recipe below)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 Place the chickens, onions, carrots, celery, parsnips, parsley, thyme, dill, garlic, and seasonings in a 16- to 20-quart stockpot. Add 7 quarts of water and bring to a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/boil/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 boil}}. Simmer, uncovered, for 1 hour. Remove 2 of the chickens and allow to cool slightly. Remove the breast meat from both chickens and set aside. Return the remaining {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/chicken/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 chicken}} and carcasses to the pot and continue simmering, uncovered, for 3 more hours. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/strain/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Strain}} the entire contents of the pot through a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/colander/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 colander}} and chill. Remove the surface fat, then reheat the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/stock/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 stock}} as follows, or pack in containers and freeze.\
To serve the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/soup/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 soup}}, return the stock to the pot and reheat, adding the diced carrots, celery, dill, and parsley. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/shred/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Shred}} the reserved chicken breast meat into large pieces and add to the stock. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/simmer/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Simmer}} over low heat for 5 minutes to cook the vegetables and reheat the chicken. Season, to taste, and serve as is, or ladle each serving over 2 warm {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/matzo/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Matzo}} Balls.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 Matzo Balls
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\b \cf2 Serves: 
\b0 \cf0 18 to 20 matzo balls\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs42 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls3\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs40 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}4 extra-large eggs, separated\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup good {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/stock/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 chicken stock}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup rendered chicken fat, melted\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup minced fresh parsley\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 teaspoons {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/salt/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 kosher salt}}, plus more for egg whites\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/matzo-meal/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 matzo meal}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs42 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs40 \cf0 Whisk together the egg yolks, chicken stock, chicken fat, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/parsley/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 parsley}}, and salt. Stir in the matzo meal. In the bowl of an electric {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/mixer/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 mixer}} with a whisk attachment, whip the egg whites with a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/pinch/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 pinch}} of salt until they are stiff. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/whisk/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Whisk}} them into the matzo mixture until it is smooth. Refrigerate for at least 15 minutes, or until the mixture is thick.\
Form balls the size of golf balls by shaping them with 2 spoons, rolling them with your hands, or scooping them with a small {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/ice-cream/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 ice cream}} scoop. Drop them into simmering chicken stock and cook for 30 minutes, or until fully cooked and puffed, turning once. Remove and serve hot in chicken soup.\
}