{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red61\green61\blue61;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15620\viewh21320\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs62 \cf0 Chicken Cordon Bleu
\f1\b0\fs40 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Serves:  4 servings\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs54 \cf0 Ingredients
\f1\b0\fs52 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural
\cf0 4 chicken breasts skinless and boneless\
4 thin slices prosciutto di Parma\
1/2 pound Gruyere, grated\
1/4 cup all-purpose flour\
Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper\
1 cup panko bread crumbs\
4 sprigs fresh thyme, leaves only\
1 clove garlic, peeled and finely minced\
2 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted\
2 eggs\
Extra-virgin olive oil\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs54 \cf0 Directions
\f1\b0\fs52 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.\
Lay the chicken breast between 2 pieces of plastic wrap. Using the flat side of a meat mallet, gently pound the chicken to 1/4-inch thickness. Remove the top sheet of plastic and lay 1 slice of prosciutto neatly over the top to cover the breast and sprinkle a quarter of the cheese over the prosciutto. Tuck in the sides of the breast and roll up tight like a jellyroll inside the plastic wrap. Squeeze the log gently to seal and twist both ends tight to form a nice log. Repeat with remaining chicken.\
Season the flour with salt and pepper. Mix the bread crumbs with thyme, garlic and kosher salt, pepper, and melted butter. The butter will help the crust brown. Beat together the eggs and season so the flour, the eggs and the crumbs are all seasoned.\
Remove the plastic wrap. Lightly dust the chicken with flour, dip in the egg mixture and gently coat in the bread crumbs. Lightly coat a baking pan with olive oil and carefully transfer the roulades onto it. Bake for 20 to 25 minutes until browned and cooked through.\
Cut into pinwheels and serve 
\fs56 \cf2 with Roasted Chicken Jus
\fs52 \cf0 .\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs58 \cf0 Roasted Chicken Jus
\f1\b0\fs42 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Makes:  approx. 1 cup\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs56 \cf0 Ingredients
\f1\b0\fs54 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural
\cf0 6 chicken wings\
1 large onion, quartered\
3 medium carrots, roughly chopped\
2 stalks celery, roughly chopped\
5 sprigs thyme\
1 head garlic, cut in 1/2\
Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper\
Extra-virgin olive oil\
1/4 cup dry white wine\
2 cups low-sodium chicken broth\
2 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, cut into cubes\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs56 \cf0 Directions
\f1\b0\fs54 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. In a roasting pan add chicken wings, vegetables, thyme and garlic. Season well with salt and pepper and drizzle with olive oil. Roast for 30 minutes until the wings are nice and brown.\
Remove from the oven and set over medium-high heat on the stove top. Add white wine to deglaze and scrape the brown bits off the bottom of the pan using a wooden spoon. Add the chicken stock and continue to simmer for 5 minutes to reduce the liquid until about 1 cup remains. Remove from heat and strain through a china cap, pushing some of the vegetable pulp through the strainer with the back of a ladle - this will help thicken the jus slightly. Add the cold butter cubes to the jus and swirl until it melts. Season again with salt and pepper.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs42 \cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs52 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs24 \cf0 \
}