{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs54 \cf0 Chicken and Steak Fajitas\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs34 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 4 to 6 servings\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs38 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs46 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs44 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup orange juice\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/olive-oil/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 extra-virgin olive oil}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 large limes, zested and juiced\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup agave nectar or 3 tablespoons {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sugar/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 brown sugar}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/garlic/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cloves garlic}}, minced\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon dried oregano\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/chili-powder/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 chili powder}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon kosher salt, plus extra for seasoning\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 boneless and skinless {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/chicken/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 chicken breasts}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 large boneless and skinless chicken thighs\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 (12 to 16-ounce) skirt or {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/flank-steak/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 flank steak}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}\
{\listtext	\'95	}Serving suggestion: corn or {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/tortilla/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 flour tortillas}}, warmed, see Cook's Note\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs46 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs44 \cf0 In a small bowl, combine the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/orange/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 orange juice}}, olive oil, lime juice, lime zest, agave nectar (or brown sugar, if using), garlic, oregano, chili powder, and 1/2 teaspoon salt. Pour the mixture into a 1-gallon-size resealable bag. Add the chicken breasts, chicken thighs and steak and refrigerate for 4 hours, turning the meat occasionally. Put a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/grill-pan/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 grill pan}} over medium-high heat or preheat a gas or charcoal grill. Remove the meat from the bag and season with salt. Reserve the marinade.\
Grill the chicken breasts for 6 to 8 minutes on each side and the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/chicken/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 chicken thighs}} for 8 to 10 minutes on each side or until cooked through. Grill the steak for 5 to 6 minutes each side for medium-well. Allow the meat to rest for 10 minutes before slicing.\
Meanwhile, put the marinade in a small {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/saucepan/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 saucepan}} and bring to a boil over medium-high heat (in order to kill any bacteria). Boil for 5 minutes until slightly thickened. Slice the meat into 1/4-inch thick pieces and put into serving bowls. Pour the cooked marinade over the meat and toss until coated. Serve the meat in warm tortillas.\
}