{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red61\green63\blue63;\red71\green155\blue220;\red0\green171\blue189;
\red47\green101\blue14;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid4}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16040\viewh20560\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa120\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs50 \cf2 Chicken Enchiladas Salsa Verde
\b\fs36 \cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf2 Serves:  6
\b \cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa160\ql\qnatural
\cf3 \
INGREDIENTS
\b0 \cf2 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 		3 cups {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.marthastewart.com/recipe/green-sauce"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 Green Sauce}}\cf4  (recipe below)\cf2 \
		1 tablespoon vegetable oil, plus 2 teaspoons more for dressing the salad\
		12 corn tortillas, toasted, stacked, and wrapped in a clean kitchen towel to steam\
		4 cups shredded chicken (from a 3-pound poached chicken)\
		7 ounces queso fresco, crumbled, or shredded Monterey Jack cheese\
		3 to 4 cups shredded romaine lettuce, washed and dried\
		6 radishes, trimmed and sliced\
		1 teaspoon white vinegar\
		Coarse salt and freshly ground black pepper\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
\cf2 	
\b \cf3 \
DIRECTIONS\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\b0 \cf2 		Preheat the oven to 375 degrees.\
		Heat a saucepan to medium high and add a tablespoon of oil. Carefully pour in the green sauce and cook, stirring constantly to thicken up, about 3 minutes. One by one dip the tortillas in the sauce, place in an ungreased 9 x 13-inch baking dish, fill with some chicken, and roll up. Fit each enchilada snugly next to the other in the baking dish. Pour the remaining green sauce over the enchiladas. Sprinkle the cheese on top. Bake for 15 minutes, or until the sauce is bubbling and the enchiladas are heated through.\
		Meanwhile, toss the lettuce and radishes with the remaining 2 teaspoons of oil, the vinegar, and salt and pepper. Layer the salad on top of the hot enchiladas and serve immediately.\
\pard\tx560\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\fs24 \cf2 \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\fs50 \cf5 Green Sauce
\fs36 \cf2 \
\pard\tx560\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li780\ri1500\sa480\ql\qnatural

\b\fs38 \cf2 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural
\ls3\ilvl0
\b0\fs36 \cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}1/2 white onion, peeled and coarsely chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 garlic cloves, unpeeled\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 serrano or jalapeno chiles, stems removed\
{\listtext	\'95	}14 whole tomatillos, peeled and simmered in water for 5 minutes\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup unsalted roasted peanuts\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 teaspoons coarse salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup chicken broth\
\pard\pardeftab720\li780\ri1500\sa240\ql\qnatural

\b\fs38 \cf2 Directions\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural
\ls4\ilvl0
\b0\fs36 \cf2 		Preheat the broiler. Place the onion, garlic, and chiles on a baking sheet. Broil for 4 minutes, or until charred and blistered. Discard the garlic skin. Place the onion, garlic, and chiles in a blender jar with the tomatillos, peanuts, salt, and broth. Blend until smooth.\
}