{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16040\viewh16460\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs78 \cf0 Chipotle Chicken Thighs \

\b0\fs54 Yield:  4 servings\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\ql\qnatural

\b\fs74 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0\fs62 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}8 pieces bone-in chicken thighs\
{\listtext	\'95	}Smoked sweet paprika or paprika\
{\listtext	\'95	}Salt and freshly ground black pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 to 1/3 pound chunk Spanish chorizo, casing removed and crumbled or chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 large carrot, peeled and chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 onion, chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 cloves garlic, chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons chopped fresh thyme leaves\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 chipotle pepper in adobo, seeded and finely chopped, plus a tablespoon adobo sauce\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 (15-ounce) can crushed tomatoes\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 cup chicken stock\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 small red or green chile pepper, seeded and very thinly sliced\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 vine-ripe tomato, seeded and coarsely chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup coarsely chopped flat-leaf parsley\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 small red onion, chopped or thinly sliced\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\ql\qnatural

\b\fs74 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs62 \cf0 Season chicken with paprika and salt and pepper, to taste. Heat the extra-virgin olive oil, a couple of turns of the pan, in a Dutch oven or large high-sided skillet with a lid. Add the chicken and brown on all sides. Remove the chicken to a plate and spoon off the excess fat. Add the chorizo and brown a couple of minutes, then remove it to a plate. Stir in the carrots, onions, garlic, thyme and chipotle, and cover the pot. Reduce heat a bit, and cook for 7 to 8 minutes, stirring occasionally. Add the tomatoes and bring to a bubble, then add the chicken and the chorizo back to the pot and simmer for 7 to 8 minutes more to cook through. \
}