{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red62\green62\blue62;\red51\green51\blue51;\red41\green103\blue207;
}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid4}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13280\viewh20040\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl520\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs54 \cf2 Classic Curry Chicken
\f1\fs34 \cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural
\cf3 The use of curry powder helps the dish come together quickly and easily. If you can, make your own using my recipe, OR look for a good Madras curry powder at your local Asian or Indian food store - a Madras blend works well with Thai flavors, and will give you far better results than your average supermarket curry powder. ENJOY!\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa360\ql\qnatural

\b\fs30 \cf3 Yield: 
\b0 SERVES 4+
\b\fs34 \

\fs40 Ingredients:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl360\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0 \cf3 {\listtext	\'95	}1 lb chicken breast or thigh, chopped into small chunks, OR whole chicken pieces\
{\listtext	\'95	}2-3 potatoes, chopped into chunks\
{\listtext	\'95	}optional: 1-2 medium tomatoes, chopped into chunks\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup fresh coriander for garnish\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 Tbsp. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://thaifood.about.com/od/thaicurrypasterecipes/r/Thai-Curry-Powder-Recipe.htm"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 Thai curry powder }}\cf4 \ul \ulc4 (recipe below)\cf3 \ulnone , OR 3 Tbsp. Madras curry powder \
{\listtext	\'95	}1 bay leaf\
{\listtext	\'95	}optional: 1 cinnamon stick\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 to 1 tsp. cayenne pepper, to taste\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 shallots, diced\
{\listtext	\'95	}4-5 cloves garlic, minced\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 thumb-size piece galangal OR ginger, grated\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup chicken stock or broth\
{\listtext	\'95	}1-1/2 Tbsp. ketchup OR sweet tomato puree\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 can thick coconut milk\
{\listtext	\'95	}2-3 Tbsp. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://thaifood.about.com/od/introtothaicooking/p/aboutfishsauce.htm"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul fish sauce}}\cf4 \ul *\cf3 \ulnone \
{\listtext	\'95	}optional: 1/2 tsp. sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}2-3 Tbsp. vegetable oil for stir-frying\
{\listtext	\'95	}Optional: 1-2 whole kaffir lime leaves (available at Asian food stores)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa360\ql\qnatural

\b \cf3 Preparation:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl360\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\b0 \cf3 {\listtext	1.	}Preheat oven to 350 degrees (if using oven method).\
{\listtext	2.	}Place a wok or large frying pan over medium-high heat. Add the curry powder, bay leaf, cinnamon stick (if using) and chili/cayenne. "Dry fry" these spices 1-2 minutes, until they are lightly toasted and fragrant.\
{\listtext	3.	}Add 2 Tbsp. oil, plus the shallots, garlic, and galangal or ginger. Also add a few Tbsp. of the chicken stock - enough to keep ingredient frying nicely. Stir-fry 1 minute.\
{\listtext	4.	}Add the chicken and potatoes, stir-frying 1 minute to coat with the spices.\
{\listtext	5.	}Add remaining stock plus ketchup/tomato puree, stirring well to combine. Finally, add the coconut milk, fish sauce, sugar, cinnamon stick and kaffir lime leaves (if using).\
{\listtext	6.	}Bring to a boil, then cover and reduce to simmer for 30 minutes until cooked. OR transfer curry to a large covered casserole dish and bake 1 hour at 350 degrees. Add tomatoes during the last 10 to 15 minutes of cooking (not before, or they will keep potatoes from becoming tender).\
{\listtext	7.	}When chicken is cooked and tender, taste-test the curry for saltiness and flavor, adding more fish sauce as needed until desired flavor/salt level is achieved. Also add more cayenne, chili sauce, or fresh-cut chilies if you prefer it spicier. If too spicy, add more coconut milk or a little plain yogurt. Add a little more sugar if it's too sour for your taste.\
{\listtext	8.	}Sprinkle over the fresh coriander, serve with plenty of {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://thaifood.about.com/od/thairecipesstepbystep/ss/How-To-Make-Rice.htm"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul Thai jasmine rice}}, and ENJOY!\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl520\ql\qnatural

\fs34 \cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa360\ql\qnatural
\cf3 *When I was in Thailand, I watched as Thai chefs poured 1/4 cup or more of fish sauce into their curries. I now prefer my curry this way too (a little on the salty side). If you prefer less salt, I suggest starting with 2 Tbsp. fish sauce and adding more to taste later, once the curry is fully cooked.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl520\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs54 \cf2 Thai Curry Powder Blend
\f1\fs34 \cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa360\ql\qnatural
\cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural
\cf3 The following recipe creates one of the best curry powders I've ever tried, hands down. It makes for superior tasting curries or curry-flavored dishes, and is also much healthier than store-bought curry powders, which tend to have 'fillers' such as cornstarch and flour, as well as preservatives (never mentioned on the packet).\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa360\ql\qnatural

\b \cf3 \
Yield: 
\b0 Approx. 1/2 cup curry powder
\b \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa360\ql\qnatural

\fs40 \cf3 Ingredients:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl360\ql\qnatural
\ls3\ilvl0
\b0 \cf3 {\listtext	\'95	}1 Tbsp. turmeric\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 bay leaves (remove lower stem)\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 Tbsp. whole or ground coriander\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 Tbsp. cumin seed or ground cumin\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tsp. ground ginger\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tsp. ground white pepper (or whole white peppercorns if you can find them)\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 to 3 tsp. chili flakes OR cayenne pepper, depending on how spicy you want it\
{\listtext	\'95	}pinch ground cloves or 1 whole clove\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa360\ql\qnatural

\b \cf3 Preparation:\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural
\cf3 If using whole spices:
\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl360\ql\qnatural
\ls4\ilvl0\cf3 {\listtext	1.	}Place all ingredients in a dry frying pan over medium-high heat. Stir continuously for 1 minute, or until pan is very hot. Then reduce heat to medium and continue stirring 6 to 10 minutes. This will lightly toast the spices, leaving them even more fragrant and tasty.\
{\listtext	2.	}Remove pan from heat and tip spices into a bowl to cool. Meanwhile, prepare your grinder. If using a coffee grinder (like I do), you will need to wipe it out very well with a damp cloth or paper towel to remove all traces of coffee.\
{\listtext	3.	}Place toasted spices in the grinder and grind well to make your curry powder. (See below for using this powder to make a delicious Thai curry.)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa360\ql\qnatural

\b \cf3 Quick & Easy Version:
\b0 \uc0\u8232 Use all ground spices in this version, omitting the bay leaf until you cook your curry. Stir together the spices and then 'dry fry' them all together as instructed above. When you use the powder for curry, be sure to add 1-2 bay leaves to your curry pot.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa360\ql\qnatural

\fs30 \cf3 \
\

\fs24 \
\
\
}