{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17040\viewh20140\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs88 \cf0 Classic Baked Chicken
\fs76 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs52 \cf0 Yield: Serves 4
\b\fs76 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs52 \cf0 \

\fs62 Even if you intend to eat the chicken without its skin, leave the skins on for baking. The skins will help keep the chicken pieces from drying out while they bake.
\fs52 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\ql\qnatural

\b\fs80 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0\fs76 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}One 3 to 4 lb chicken, cut into 8 pieces (2 breasts, 2 thighs, 2 legs, 2 wings) excluding the back\
{\listtext	\'95	}Olive oil\
{\listtext	\'95	}Kosher salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}Freshly ground black pepper\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs80 \cf0 Method
\b0\fs76 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Trim the chicken pieces of excess fat. Pat the chicken pieces dry with a paper towel. Sprinkle all sides with salt. Let the chicken pieces sit for 15 to 20 minutes to take the chill off.\
Preheat your oven to 400\'b0F. Pat the chicken pieces dry with a paper towel. Rub olive oil over the chicken pieces and on the bottom of the roasting pan. Sprinkle the chicken pieces all over with black pepper and a little more salt. Arrange the chicken pieces in the pan so that all the pieces are skin-side up, and the largest pieces (the breasts)\'a0are in the center of the pan. Don't crowd the pan; allow room between the pieces.\
Bake in the oven for 30 minutes at 400\'b0F. This initial high heat will help brown the chicken. Then lower the heat to 350\'b0F and bake\'a0for an additional 10-30 minutes more\'a0until the juices run clear (not pink) when poked with a sharp knife or the internal temperature of the chicken breasts is 165\'b0F and of the thighs is\'a0170\'b0F. If the chicken isn't\'a0browning well enough, place\'a0the chicken under the broiler for the last 5 minutes of cooking, until browned sufficiently.\
Remove from oven and transfer the chicken to a serving dish. Tent with aluminum foil and let rest for 5 to 10 minutes before serving.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
}