{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww19440\viewh18160\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs46 \cf0 Coq Au Vin
\f1\b0\fs26 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\b \cf2 Serves: 
\b0 \cf0 3 servings\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs30 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs40 \cf0 Ingredients\
  
\f1\b0\fs38 \'95    2 tablespoons good olive oil
\f0\b\fs40 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs38 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}4 ounces good bacon or {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/pancetta/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 pancetta}}, diced\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 (3 to 4-pound) chicken, cut in 8ths\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/salt/index.html"}}{\fldrslt Kosher salt}}\cf0  and freshly ground black pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 pound carrots, cut diagonally in 1-inch pieces\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 yellow {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/onion/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 onion}}, sliced\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon chopped garlic\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup Cognac or good {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/brandy/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 brandy}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 bottle (375 ml) good dry red wine such as {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/burgundy/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Burgundy}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup good {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/stock/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 chicken stock}}, preferably homemade\
{\listtext	\'95	}10 fresh {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/thyme/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 thyme}} sprigs\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, divided\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 tablespoons all-purpose flour\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 pound frozen small whole onions\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 pound cremini mushrooms, stems removed and thickly sliced\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b\fs40 \cf0 \
Directions
\f1\b0\fs38 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Preheat the oven to 250 degrees F.\
Heat the olive oil in a large {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/dutch-oven/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Dutch oven}}. Add the bacon and cook over medium heat for 8 to 10 minutes, until lightly browned. Remove the bacon to a plate with a slotted spoon.\
Meanwhile, lay the chicken out on paper towels and pat dry. Liberally sprinkle the chicken on both sides with salt and pepper. When the bacon is removed, brown the chicken pieces in batches in a single layer for about 5 minutes, turning to brown evenly. Remove the chicken to the plate with the bacon and continue to brown until all the chicken is done. Set aside.\
Add the carrots, onions, 2 teaspoons salt, and 1 teaspoon pepper to the pan and cook over medium heat for 10 to 12 minutes, stirring occasionally, until the onions are lightly browned. Add the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/garlic/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 garlic}} and cook for 1 more minute. Add the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cognac/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Cognac}} and put the bacon, chicken, and any juices that collected on the plate into the pot. Add the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/wine/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 wine}}, chicken stock, and thyme and bring to a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/simmer/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 simmer}}. Cover the pot with a tight fitting lid and place in the oven for 30 to 40 minutes, until the chicken is just not pink. Remove from the oven and place on top of the stove.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/mash/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Mash}} 1 tablespoon of butter and the flour together and stir into the stew. Add the frozen onions. In a medium saute pan, add the remaining 1 tablespoon of butter and cook the mushrooms over medium-low heat for 5 to 10 minutes, until browned. Add to the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/stew/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 stew}}. Bring the stew to a simmer and cook for another 10 minutes. Season to taste. Serve hot.}