{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red84\green84\blue84;\red51\green51\blue51;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww22520\viewh21320\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl520\sa80\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs70 \cf0 Couscous with Lemon Chicken
\fs68 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\fs40 \cf2 Yield:  \cf0 4 to 6 servings\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\fs44 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\ql\qnatural

\fs54 \cf0 INGREDIENTS\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0\fs50 \cf0 Lemon Chicken:\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 boneless skinless chicken breasts, cut into bite-size pieces\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup lemon juice\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup olive oil\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon dried oregano\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon black pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon dried thyme\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 tablespoon salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 preserved lemon, finely chopped\
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs48 Sauce:\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup vegetable oil1 1/2 tablespoons salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 tablespoon ground black pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon ground ginger\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon olive oil\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon ground turmeric\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tomatoes, peeled and coarsely chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 large onion, coarsely chopped
\fs70 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs50 Couscous:\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon salted butter\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon olive oil\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 tablespoon ground cinnamon\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 tablespoon ground turmeric\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 teaspoon salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 cups couscous\
{\listtext	\'95	}Special Equipment: Wooden skewers, soaked for 20 minutes, or metal skewers\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs54 \cf0 DIRECTIONS\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa160\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0\fs50 \cf3 Mix the chicken with the lemon juice, oil, oregano, pepper, thyme, salt and preserved lemon in a large bowl. Cover and refrigerate for about 2 hours. \
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs48 For sauce: Combine the vegetable oil, salt, pepper, ginger, olive oil, turmeric, tomatoes and onions in a pan. Cook uncovered over medium to medium-high heat, stirring occasionally, until browned and the onions and tomatoes have formed a thick sauce, about 15 minutes. Add 8 1/2 cups water, the chickpeas, cilantro and parsley. Cover and bring to a boil over high heat, and then reduce the heat to medium and simmer rapidly, 25 to 30 minutes. \
For the couscous: Combine 3 cups water, the butter, oil, cinnamon, turmeric and salt in a large saucepan and bring to boil. Remove the saucepan from the heat. Stir in the couscous, cover and let stand for about 10 minutes. Toss the couscous. 
\b\fs56 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa160\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs50 \cf3 Preheat the grill to high heat. \uc0\u8232 Skewer the chicken, and then grill for 7 to 10 minutes, basting frequently with the leftover juices in the bowl and turning the chicken occasionally. 
\fs48 \
To serve, place the couscous on the plate and arrange the lemon chicken on top and all around. Distribute the sauce evenly over the couscous and chicken.\

\fs46 \

\fs26 \
\
\
\
}