{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16940\viewh13940\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs50 \cf0 Deviled Skillet Chicken
\f1\fs30 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural
\cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 4 servings\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}6 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, plus more for drizzling\
{\listtext	\'95	}8 pieces bone-in, skin-on chicken, 4 legs and 1 whole breast, quartered or 4 thighs\
{\listtext	\'95	}Salt and freshly ground black pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/dijon-mustard/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Dijon mustard}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon crushed {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/red-pepper/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 red pepper}} flakes\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 teaspoons dried {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/marjoram/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 marjoram}} or {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/oregano/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 oregano}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 sprigs {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/rosemary/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 rosemary}}, leaves finely chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup dry white wine\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 cups hot pickled vegetable salad (recommended: Giardiniera)\
{\listtext	\'95	}Crusty bread\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 Heat a large cast iron skillet over medium-high to high heat. Heat the oven to 400 degrees F.\
Season the chicken with salt and lots of black pepper, to taste. Add 2 tablespoons of extra-virgin olive oil, to the hot skillet and brown the chicken, skin side down, 3 to 4 minutes. Turn the chicken over and brown on the other side, about 3 to 4 minutes.\
Mix together the mustard, red pepper, marjoram and rosemary leaves in a small bowl. Spread the mustard mixture over the skin side of the chicken. Arrange the chicken pieces in a roasting pan and pour in 1 cup of wine. Drizzle extra-virgin olive oil over chicken and transfer to the pan to the oven. Roast the chicken for 12 to 15 minutes.\
Arrange the chicken on serving plates with the hot vegetables alongside. Spoon the pan {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/drippings/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 drippings}} over the top of the chicken and pass crusty bread at table.\
}