{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red84\green84\blue84;\red51\green51\blue51;\red0\green101\blue159;
}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid4}
{\list\listtemplateid5\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid5}
{\list\listtemplateid6\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid6}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}{\listoverride\listid5\listoverridecount0\ls5}{\listoverride\listid6\listoverridecount0\ls6}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15660\viewh14320\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl520\sa80\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs66 \cf0 General Tso's Chicken III \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\fs40 \cf2 Yield:  \cf0 2 to 4 servings\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\ql\qnatural

\fs46 \cf0 INGREDIENTS\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs38 \cf0 CHICKEN
\b0\fs48 \
{\listtext	\'95	}1 pound boneless skinless chicken thighs, cut into 1/2-inch cubes\
{\listtext	\'95	}Pinch sea salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}Pinch freshly ground white pepper\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 heaping tablespoon cornstarch\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls3\ilvl0
\b\fs38 \cf0 SWEET SAUCE
\b0\fs48 \
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons Chinese yellow bean paste or yellow miso\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons light soy sauce\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon chili sauce\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon tomato paste\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls4\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon rice vinegar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon light brown sugar or honey\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 teaspoon dark soy sauce\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls5\ilvl0
\b\fs38 \cf0 STIR-FRY
\b0\fs48 \
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon peanut or vegetable oil\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 whole dried Sichuan or arbol chiles\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 clove garlic, peeled and crushed, left whole\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 medium white onion, chunked into 1/2-inch pieces\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup peanuts, toasted and chopped, optional\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon Shaoshing rice wine or dry sherry\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls6\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 large red pepper, chunked into 1-inch squares\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 scallions, chopped into 1-inch pieces\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon toasted sesame seeds, for garnish\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\ql\qnatural

\b\fs46 \cf0 DIRECTIONS
\fs52 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa160\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs48 \cf3 For the chicken: Sprinkle the chicken with the salt and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/white-pepper/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 white pepper}} in a large bowl. Add the cornstarch and mix well. \uc0\u8232 For the sweet sauce: Stir together the bean paste, light soy, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/chili-sauce/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 chili sauce}}, tomato paste, vinegar, brown sugar and dark soy in a large bowl until combined and set aside. \uc0\u8232 For the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/stir-fry/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 stir-fry}}: Heat a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/wok/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 wok}} over high heat until it starts to smoke. Pour in the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/peanut-oil/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 peanut oil}}, and then stir-fry the chiles and garlic for a few seconds. Toss in the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/onion/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 onions}} and stir-fry, about 1 minute. Then add the chicken and stir-fry for about 2 minutes. As the chicken starts to turn opaque, add the peanuts, if using, and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/rice-wine/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 rice wine}}. Cook for another 3 minutes, and then pour in the sweet sauce. \uc0\u8232 Add the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/red-pepper/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 red pepper}} and cook the chicken in the sauce until cooked through and the sauce has reduced and become slightly sticky with a thicker consistency, about 2 minutes. Add the scallions and cook, tossing, about 30 seconds. Transfer the chicken to a serving platter. Sprinkle with sesame seeds and serve immediately. \uc0\u8232 \
}