{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red17\green17\blue17;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15180\viewh20780\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 General Tso's Chicken\

\b0\fs30 4 servings\

\fs38 \
1 1/2 t. toasted sesame oil\
1 large egg white\
1/4 c. plus 1 T. soy sauce\
1/4 c. plus 3 T. cornstarch\
1 pound skinless boneless chicken thighs,\
   trimmed and cut into 1/2-inch pieces\
1 c. low-sodium chicken broth\
1 t. Chinese chile-garlic sauce\
3 T. sugar\
1 T. vegetable oil, plus more for frying\
2 T. very finely chopped fresh ginger\
2 large garlic cloves, minced\
4 scallions, finely chopped \
1 can water chestnuts, sliced\
Steamed broccoli and white rice, for serving\
\
1.  In a medium bowl, combine the toasted sesame oil with the egg white,\
     1 tablespoon of the soy sauce, and 1/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons of the cornstarch.\
     Add the chicken, stirring to coat.  Let stand at room temperature for 20 minutes.\
2.  Meanwhile, in a small bowl, whisk the chicken broth with the chili-garlic sauce, sugar \
     and the remaining 1/4 cup of soy sauce and 1 tablespoon of cornstarch. \
3.  In a large saucepan, heat the 1 tablespoon of oil.  Add the ginger and garlic and cook\
     over high heat until fragrant, about 1 minute.  Stir the broth mixture, add it to the pan  \
     and cook until thickened and glossy, about 3 minutes.\
     Keep the sauce warm over low heat.\
4.  In a large, deep skillet, heat 1/2 inch of oil until shimmering.  Carefully add the chicken,\
     one piece at a time, and fry over high heat, turning once or twice, until very browned  \
     and crisp, about 4 minutes.  Drain the chicken on paper towels and immediately add to   \
     the sauce along with the scallions and water chestnuts.  Cook just until coated, about  \
     30 seconds. \
     Serve right away, with steamed broccoli and rice.\
 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa440\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs50 \cf2 \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs38 \cf0 \

\b\fs52 \
\
\
\
\
\
}