{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red17\green17\blue17;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16120\viewh20240\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa440\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs60 \cf2 General Tso\'92s Chicken I
\b0\fs42 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa440\ql\qnatural

\i \cf2 Serves 4 as part of a multi-course meal, 2 to 3 as a main entree
\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa440\ql\qnatural

\fs50 \cf2 1 pound boneless, skinless chicken thighs, sliced into 1/2-inch cubes\uc0\u8232 1 1/2 cups cornstarch\u8232 1/2 teaspoon salt\u8232 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper\u8232 3 cups peanut or vegetable oil for frying, plus 1 tablespoon for stir-frying\u8232 8 dried whole red chilis, or substitute 1/4 teaspoon dried red chili flakes\u8232 2 cloves garlic, minced\u8232 1 teaspoon white sesame seeds, for garnish                                                           Scallions, green parts thinly sliced, for garnish\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa440\ql\qnatural

\i \cf2 Marinade:
\i0 \uc0\u8232 1 tablespoons soy sauce\u8232 1 tablespoon Chinese rice wine or dry sherry\u8232 2 egg whites\

\i Sauce:
\i0 \uc0\u8232 1/4 cup chicken stock, or substitute water\u8232 1 1/2 tablespoons tomato paste\u8232 1 tablespoon soy sauce\u8232 1 tablespoon rice vinegar\u8232 1 teaspoon hoisin sauce\u8232 1 teaspoon chili paste\u8232 1 teaspoons sesame oil\u8232 1 tablespoon sugar\u8232 1 teaspoon cornstarch\
1. Prepare the marinade: In a large bowl, combine the soy sauce, rice wine, and egg whites. Coat the chicken to the marinade mixture and let sit for 10 minutes.\
2. Prepare the sauce: In a small bowl, combine the chicken stock, tomato paste, sugar, soy sauce, rice vinegar, hoisin sauce, chili paste, sesame oil, sugar, and the 1 teaspoon of cornstarch. Stir until the sugar and cornstarch are dissolved. Set the sauce aside.\
3. In a large bowl or deep plate, toss the 1 1/2 cups cornstarch with the salt and pepper. Coat the marinated chicken in the cornstarch and shake off any excess before frying.\
4. Heat the 3 cups of peanut or vegetable oil in your wok until it registers 350\'b0F on an instant-read oil thermometer. Working in 2 or 3 batches, add the first batch of chicken cubes and fry until golden brown on the outside and cooked through, about 4 to 5 minutes. Remove the chicken with a slotted spoon and drain on paper towels. Repeat with the rest of the chicken.\
5. Drain the oil into a heatproof container and save for discarding. Wipe the wok with a paper towel to remove any brown bits, but don\'92t wash.\
6. Reheat the wok or skillet over medium-high heat. Add another 1 tablespoon of oil and swirl to coat the base and sides. Add the dried chilis and garlic to the wok and stir-fry until just fragrant, about 20 seconds. Pour in the sauce mixture and stir until thickened, about 1 to 2 minutes.\
7. Return the chicken to the wok and stir well to coat with sauce. Transfer the chicken to a serving dish. Garnish with white sesame seeds and scallions. Serve with white rice and vegetables.\
}