{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs50 \cf0 Grapefruit Grilled Chicken\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs30 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 4 to 6 servings\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs42 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs40 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}2 pink grapefruits\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons brown sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/honey/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 honey}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/olive-oil/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 olive oil}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 boneless skinless {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/chicken/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 chicken breasts}}, sliced in half horizontally\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs42 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs40 \cf0 Prepare the grapefruit. Juice one grapefruit into a liquid measure. On the second grapefruit, slice the bottom and top to level it, then starting at the top where the white {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/pith/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 pith}} ends and the pink flesh begins, cut between the 2 layers at an angle from the top to bottom all the way around to remove the skin and expose the flesh, making sure to slice off all the pithy white parts. Holding the grapefruit in one hand, release the wedges by using the knife to slice on either side of each segment.\
Place these wedges in a medium saute pan. Squeeze the remaining flesh and membranes of the grapefruit to release any juice into a bowl. Add the sugar and honey. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/whisk/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Whisk}} to combine, then taste. If needed, add a teaspoon or more {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sugar/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 brown sugar}} to take away the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/tart/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 tart}} of the grapefruit. Pour half of the mixture into a saute pan with the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/grapefruit/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 grapefruit}} wedges. Bring to a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/simmer/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 simmer}} and cook until liquid is reduced and slightly thickened, about 8 minutes.\
To the remaining half add the oil, 1 teaspoon salt, and a few grinds of black pepper. Whisk to combine and pour into a plastic bag. Add the chicken, seal and toss a bit before resting on the counter for 25 to 30 minutes. Cook's Note: Any longer and the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/acid/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 acid}} in the grapefruit juice will "cook" the chicken in the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/marinade/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 marinade}} and ruin it.\
Heat a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/grill-pan/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 grill pan}} to medium high and brush lightly with oil. Remove the chicken from the plastic bag and shake off the excess marinade. Place the smooth-side down on the grill and cook 2 to 3 minutes, then flip and cook 2 minutes more. Remove to a serving plate and pour the grapefruit {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sauce/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 sauce}} over the top.\
}