{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15020\viewh15500\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Grilled Chicken with Creamy Caper Sauce\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs32 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 4 servings\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs36 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}4 chicken boneless skinless chicken breasts "Thin- Sliced"\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 teaspoons lemon pepper seasoning\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 tablespoons olive oil\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 shallot, diced\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon chopped garlic\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons capers\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup white wine or chicken stock\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon Dijon mustard\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons freshly chopped parsley leaves\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons sour cream\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 Heat a grill pan or outdoor grill over medium to medium-high heat. Brush the grate of the grill with canola oil just before you grill the chicken. Season the chicken with lemon pepper and put on the grill. Grill for 4 to 5 minutes on each side.\
Heat the olive oil in a medium skillet over medium heat. Add the shallot and garlic and saute for 2 minutes. Add the capers and white wine and reduce by half. Whisk in the mustard, and parsley and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Let simmer for 1 minute, then remove from heat and whisk in the sour cream.\
Arrange the chicken on a platter and dollop with the creamy sauce.}