{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Guava and Rosemary Glazed Chicken Breast\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs32 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 4 servings\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1/3 cup guava jelly (recommended: Smuckers)\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 lime, juiced\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 sprigs fresh {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/rosemary/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 rosemary}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon crushed garlic\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/olive-oil/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 extra-virgin olive oil}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 pounds boneless, skinless chicken breast\
{\listtext	\'95	}Salt and freshly ground black pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/3 cup {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/flour/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 all-purpose flour}}, for dredging\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 Turn on broiler. Line a baking sheet with aluminum foil and set aside.\
In a small {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/saucepan/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 saucepan}}, over medium-low heat, combine guava jelly, juice from lime, rosemary sprigs, and crushed garlic. Heat through.\
In large {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/frying-pan/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 frying pan}}, over medium-high heat, heat oil. Season {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/chicken/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 chicken breasts}} with salt and pepper. Dredge seasoned chicken in flour and place in hot pan. Cook chicken 3 to 4 minutes per side or until cooked through.\
Transfer to baking sheet. Strain guava mixture into a small bowl. Generously brush guava mixture over chicken breasts. Place under broiler 4 to 6 inches from heat source for 1 minute. Turn chicken over and repeat 2 times. Remove from broiler, brush once more with guava mixture. Serve hot.\
\
}