{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red187\green0\blue54;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10380\viewh17220\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri1000\sl660\sa280\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs56 \cf2 How to Grill Chicken
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
When you grill chicken on the bone it's more flavorful.  Use these tips to get juicy chicken cooked all the way through with perfectly crisp skin.\
\

\b The Chicken
\b0 \
Start with a whole cut-up chicken on the bone, with the skin.  Let it come to room temperature while you prepare the grill.\
\

\b The Grill
\b0 \
Set up the grill for direct and indirect heat, with coals on one side.  Oil the grill grate and heat until the oil is smoking.\
\

\b Get Grilling
\b0 \
Pat the chicken dry with a paper towel, season with salt and pepper and put it on the grill over the low-heat section.  Place the breasts bone side down, so the bone acts as a small roasting rack.\
\

\b Cover It
\b0 \
Cover the grill so it's like an oven, roasting the chicken slowly.\
\

\b Flip
\b0 \
After about 20 minutes, open the grill and turn the pieces over.  Cover and cook for about another 15 minutes, until the skin is very crisp.\
\

\b Checking the Temperature
\b0 \
The breast will cook fastest.  Use a meat thermometer to test doneness.  Insert lengthwise and avoid the bone for the best reading.\
\

\b Sauces
\b0 \
When the chicken is at about 150 to 155 degrees F, you can baste with sauce.  If you want to serve sauce with the chicken set some aside.\
\

\b Basting Chicken
\b0 \
Use a mop or brush to baste the chicken with the sauce.  Discard any leftover sauce once you're finished basting.\
\

\b Crispy Skin\

\b0 Place the chicken on direct heat to finish cooking through.  This makes the skin extra crispy.  At about 160 degrees F the chicken is finished.  Remove chicken from the grill and let rest 5 to 10 minutes.  The internal temperature will rise about 5 degrees while resting.\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
}