{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15240\viewh13840\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 Mexican Stuffed Chicken Breasts\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs28 \cf2 Serves: 
\b0 \cf0 4 servings\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs32 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs46 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs44 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup fat-free refried beans\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 wedges light spreadable Swiss cheese (recommended: The Laughing Cow), room temperature\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup shredded fat-free Cheddar cheese\
{\listtext	\'95	}16 low-fat baked tortilla chips\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon dry taco seasoning mix\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 (5-ounce) raw, boneless, skinless lean chicken breast cutlets, pounded to 1/3-inch thickness\
{\listtext	\'95	}Salt and freshly ground black pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup taco sauce\
{\listtext	\'95	}Fat-free sour cream, for topping, optional\
{\listtext	\'95	}Salsa, for topping, optional\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs46 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs44 \cf0 Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spray a baking sheet with nonstick spray and set aside.\
To make the filling: Combine beans, cheese wedges, and shredded cheese in a bowl. Mix thoroughly and set aside.\
Put chips in a sealable plastic bag and crush with your hands or a rolling pin. Add taco seasoning and give it a good shake to mix. Transfer crumb mixture to a plate and set aside.\
Place cutlets flat on a clean, dry surface, and season with salt and black pepper. Spoon filling onto the centers of the cutlets, dividing it evenly among them. Carefully roll each cutlet up over the filling (which may ooze a little, but don't worry!) and secure with toothpicks, if needed. Transfer to the baking sheet.\
Cover each stuffed cutlet with 1 tablespoon taco sauce, using the back of the spoon or your fingers to coat. Coat cutlets with crumb mixture.\
Cover the baking sheet with foil, and bake in the oven for 20 minutes.\
Carefully remove foil. Bake until chicken is cooked through and outsides are crispy, about 15 additional minutes.\
Let cool slightly and top with sour cream and salsa, if using. Enjoy!\
\
}