{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15840\viewh19920\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl500\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs46 \cf0 Parmesan-Seared Chicken with Tangy Tomato Dipping Sauce and Twice-Baked Potatoes with Cheddar and Bacon\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs30 \cf0 4 servings\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs46 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl420\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs44 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}4 baking potatoes (Idaho)\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 slices turkey bacon, chopped and cooked until crisp\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup light sour cream\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup shredded cheddar, plus more for garnish\
{\listtext	\'95	}Salt and freshly ground black pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons chopped fresh chives, as optional garnish\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 pound boneless and skinless chicken strips\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon dijon mustard\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup grated parmesan\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 teaspoons olive oil\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 (8-ounce) can tomato sauce\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon chili powder\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon hot sauce\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 teaspoon ground black pepper\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs46 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs44 \cf0 Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.\
Bake potatoes for 1 hour, until tender. When cool enough to handle, cut each potato in half lengthwise, scoop out flesh, leaving a 1/4-inch shell and transfer flesh to a large bowl. Add bacon, sour cream and cheddar and mix until blended. Season, to taste, with salt and black pepper. Spoon mixture back into the shells and discard any remaining shells. Sprinkle with a little more shredded cheddar. Arrange stuffed shells on a baking sheet (or refrigerate until ready to bake). Bake 20 minutes, until golden brown. If desired, top with chives before serving.\
To make chicken strips, coat chicken all over with dijon mustard. Place parmesan in a shallow dish or plastic bag, add chicken and turn (or shake bag) to coat.\
Heat olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add chicken and cook 5 minutes per side, until cooked through.\
Meanwhile, in a small saucepan, combine tomato sauce, lemon juice, chili  powder, hot sauce, and black pepper. Set pan over medium heat and bring to a simmer. Serve chicken with sauce and baked potatoes on the side.\
}