{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww18200\viewh19260\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs84 \cf0 Peach Whisky Chicken
\b0\fs52 \
Yield:6 to 8 servings\

\fs46 \

\b\fs68 Ingredients
\b0\fs62 \
2 tablespoons butter\
2 tablespoons olive oil\
12 chicken legs or thighs, bone in, skin on\
1 yellow onion, diced\
1 1/2 cups whisky\
4 cups barbecue sauce\
1 cup peach preserves\
2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce\
4 peaches, pitted and sliced into 8 slices each\
\

\b\fs68 Directions
\b0\fs62 \
Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F.\
Heat the butter and olive oil in a large skillet or pot over medium-high heat. Add the chicken pieces and cook until golden brown on all sides, about 5 minutes. Remove from the skillet and set aside.\
Add the onions to the skillet and stir and cook over medium heat until translucent, about 3 minutes. Pour in the whisky, taking care if you are cooking over an open flame. Cook for 3 minutes or so, allowing the whisky to cook and reduce.\
Grab your favorite bottled barbecue sauce and pour it into the pan. Add the peach preserves, Worcestershire sauce and 1/2 cup water to the sauce, then whisk to combine. Add the chicken back to the pan. Then throw in the peaches.\
Cover the skillet with a lid or aluminium foil, and then roast in the oven until the chicken is tender and falling off the bone the sauce is beautiful and rich and the peaches are soft (about 1 1/2 hours). That's how you know it's done!\
Serve the chicken over a big mound of mashed potatoes, spooning the sauce over the whole thing. Sprinkle with green onions and parsley, then watch your loved ones gobble it up.\
\
\
\
\
}