{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14720\viewh15120\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs86 \cf0 Peanut Chicken Casserole\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs48 \cf0 Yield:  8 servings
\fs62 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\ql\qnatural

\b\fs74 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0\fs62 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon canola oil\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 boneless and skinless chicken thighs\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons reduced-sodium soy sauce\
{\listtext	\'95	}Salt and freshly ground pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 medium carrots, chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 stalks celery, chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 small red onion, chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 cups cooked brown basmati rice\
{\listtext	\'95	}12 baby bella mushrooms, chopped\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}2 cloves garlic, finely chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 jalapeno, seeded and chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup reduced-sodium chicken broth\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons reduced-fat peanut butter\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons fresh cilantro, plus more for garnish\
{\listtext	\'95	}Chopped peanuts, for garnish\
{\listtext	\'95	}Chopped scallions, for garnish\
{\listtext	\'95	}Orange zest, for garnish\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\ql\qnatural

\b\fs74 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs62 \cf0 Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. 
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 Heat the canola oil in a medium Dutch oven over high heat until it begins to shimmer. Add the chicken and sprinkle with the soy and some salt and pepper. Cook until golden brown on both sides, 10 to 12 minutes total. Transfer to a bowl. Add the carrots, celery and onions to the pot and cook until the vegetables begin to brown, about 4 minutes. Stir in the rice, mushrooms, garlic and jalapenos. Whisk together the chicken broth and peanut butter in a small bowl, and then pour into the pot. Stir in the cilantro, and then arrange the chicken thighs on top of the rice and vegetables. 
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 Cover the pot and transfer to the oven for 20 minutes, then uncover and return to the oven until most of the liquid has disappeared, about 15 minutes more. 
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 Let cool for 10 minutes before serving. Garnish with peanuts, scallions, orange zest and cilantro. \
}