{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17940\viewh20480\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs46 \cf0 Ring of Fire Grilled Chicken
\f1\b0\fs26 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\b \cf2 Serves: 
\b0 \cf0 4 servings\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs30 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}(4 to 5-pounds)  chicken pieces\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 quart water\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup honey\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 1/2 ounces {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/salt/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 kosher salt}}, approximately 3/4 cup\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/curry-powder/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 curry powder}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon chili powder\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 teaspoons {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cocoa-powder/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cocoa powder}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/adobo/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 adobo}} powder, without pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon ground {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cumin/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cumin}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon hot smoked paprika\
{\listtext	\'95	}\
{\listtext	\'95	}Special Equipment: 2 pieces newspaper, vegetable oil, 2 to 3 pounds natural chunk charcoal, charcoal chimney {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/starter/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 starter}}, 8 feet heavy duty aluminum foil, 2 aluminum pie pans\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions
\f1\b0\fs42 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Put the chicken pieces in a 1 gallon resealable plastic bag with the water, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/honey/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 honey}}, and salt. Seal the bag and move around vigorously for 1 to 2 minutes to distribute the honey and dissolve the salt. Set the bag in a leak-{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/proof/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 proof}} container and refrigerate for 1 1/2 hours.\
Meanwhile, combine curry powder, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/chili-powder/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 chili powder}}, cocoa powder, adobo powder, cumin, and hot smoked {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/paprika/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 paprika}} in a 1 gallon resealable bag.\
Pat the chicken with paper towels until very dry. Do not rinse.\
Put the chicken in the bag with the spice mixture and shake to thoroughly coat the chicken. Lay the pieces on a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cooling-rack/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cooling rack}} set inside a half {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sheet-pan/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 sheet pan}}. Rest for 30 minutes.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/spritz/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Spritz}} 2 pieces of newspaper lightly with vegetable oil and put in the bottom of a charcoal chimney starter. Fill the chimney starter with natural chunk charcoal, 2 to 3 pounds, and set on the charcoal grate of a kettle {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/grill/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 grill}} until hot and ashy, approximately 15 to 20 minutes. Prepare a ring of heavy-duty aluminum foil with the center 9-inches in diameter. Put this ring over the chimney starter and lay on the charcoal {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/grate/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 grate}}.\
Carefully and evenly distribute the hot charcoal outside the ring. Set an aluminum pie pan in the center of the ring to catch any {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/drippings/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 drippings}}. Set the cooking grate in place and heat for 2 to 3 minutes.\
Lightly oil the cooking grate. Arrange the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/chicken/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 chicken}} pieces, skin side down, on the grate over the hot coals. Turn the legs a quarter turn every 3 to 4 minutes. Turn the thighs, wings, and breasts after 4 to 5 minutes. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/skin/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Skin}} should blister and darken in color. Adjust intensity of heat by turning the grill grate to expose chicken pieces to cooler or hotter coals, as needed, and to avoid flare-ups.\
After 9 to 10 minutes total cook time, move the breast to the center of the grill and cover with a second aluminum pie pan. After 10 to 11 minutes total cook time, put the wings on top of the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/pie-pans-tins-plates/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 pie pan}}. Lean the thighs and legs against the side of the aluminum pie pan away from the direct heat of the coals. Turn every 2 minutes. Put any pieces that {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/finish/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 finish}} cooking on top of the pan. After 18 to 20 minutes total cook time, check the temperature with an instant-read thermometer inserted in the deepest part of each piece. The pieces should reach 155 degrees F.\
Remove the chicken to a clean, medium bowl. Cover with a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/tea/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 tea}} towel and rest 5 minutes. Transfer to a serving platter and serve immediately}