{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red84\green84\blue84;\red51\green51\blue51;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid4}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl520\sa80\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs66 \cf0 Roasted Chicken with Salsa Verde\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\fs40 \cf2 Yield:  \cf0 4 servings\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\ql\qnatural

\fs52 \cf0 INGREDIENTS\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0\fs48 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}One 4-to 5-pound chicken\
{\listtext	\'95	}Kosher salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 lemon, thinly sliced and seeded\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 fresh bay leaves\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 cloves garlic\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 small onion, peeled\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 small bunch fresh thyme\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons olive oil\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 cups baby arugula\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 teaspoons red wine vinegar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil\
{\listtext	\'95	}Salsa Verde, recipe follows\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls3\ilvl0\cf0 Salsa Verde:\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup extra-virgin olive oil\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup thinly sliced fresh flat-leaf parsley\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons salt-packed capers, rinsed and chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons thinly sliced fresh mint\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 salt-packed anchovy fillets, rinsed and minced\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls4\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 clove garlic, minced\
{\listtext	\'95	}Grated zest and juice of 1 lemon\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 jalapeno, seeded and minced (about 1 tablespoon)\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 shallot, minced\
{\listtext	\'95	}Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\ql\qnatural

\b\fs52 \cf0 DIRECTIONS\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa160\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs48 \cf3 A day before cooking, rinse the chicken inside and out under cold water and pat dry. Salt liberally, cover and refrigerate. \uc0\u8232 Remove the chicken from the refrigerator 1 hour before cooking. \u8232 Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. \u8232 Lift the skin off each chicken breast and wedge 3 lemon slices and 1 bay leaf between the skin and each breast. Put the garlic, onion, thyme and remaining lemon slices in the cavity of the chicken. Rub the entire chicken liberally with the olive oil. Put the chicken in an ovenproof saute pan or roasting pan breast-side up, slide it into the oven and roast until the thigh reaches 160 degrees F, or until the cavity juices run clear, about 1 hour. Remove from the oven and let rest for 10 to 20 minutes. \u8232 When ready to serve, in a medium bowl, dress the arugula with the red wine vinegar and extra-virgin olive oil. Cut the chicken into 8 pieces, drizzle with the Salsa Verde and serve with the arugula salad.\
Combine the extra-virgin olive oil, parsley, capers, mint, red pepper flakes, anchovies, garlic, lemon zest and juice, jalapeno and shallots in a bowl and stir to combine. Add salt and pepper to taste. Allow the flavors to meld for at least 15 minutes before serving; if planning to serve after more than an hour, add the lemon juice at the last minute to keep the color vibrant. Yield: 1 1/2 cups.\
}