{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17440\viewh18000\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs56 \cf0 Roasted Chicken with Pomegranate Molasses\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs36 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 4 servings\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs40 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs42 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs40 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 whole organic chicken, rinsed and pat dry\
{\listtext	\'95	}Salt and freshly ground black pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 to 4 tablespoons olive oil\
{\listtext	\'95	}3/4 cup chicken stock\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup pomegranate molasses\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 fresh thyme sprigs, leaves removed\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs42 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs40 \cf0 Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.\
\
Season chicken with salt and pepper, to taste. In a large stove to oven pan, heat the olive oil and brown the chicken on all sides. Put it in the oven and roast until the juices run clear, about 20 minutes. Remove the pan from oven and transfer the chicken to a cutting board. Tent with foil to keep warm. Put the pan on the stovetop over medium-high heat. Add the chicken stock and scrape up brown bits while bringing it to a boil. Whisk in the pomegranate molasses and thyme leaves and cook until desired thickness is reached, about 5 minutes. Taste for seasoning and adjust if necessary. Quarter the chicken and arrange it on a serving platter. Pour the sauce over the chicken and serve.}