{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red84\green84\blue84;\red51\green51\blue51;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww18580\viewh20120\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl520\sa80\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs68 \cf0 Sesame Ginger Chicken\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\fs42 \cf2 Yield:  \cf0 4 servings\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\ql\qnatural

\fs54 \cf0 INGREDIENTS\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0\fs50 \cf0 Chicken Marinade:\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 1/2 pounds boneless, skinless chicken thighs, cut into 1-inch cubes\
{\listtext	\'95	}6 tablespoons sesame oil\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 1/2 tablespoons sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons soy sauce\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon cracked black pepper\
Stir-Fry:\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons cornstarch\
{\listtext	\'95	}Vegetable or peanut oil\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons minced garlic\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon minced ginger\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}4 tablespoons Chinese Shoaxing rice wine\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons hoisin sauce\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons oyster sauce\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons low-sodium soy sauce\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 tablespoons honey\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon sambal chili sauce\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon Thai chili sauce\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 lemon, zest and juice\
{\listtext	\'95	}Toasted sesame seeds, for garnish\
{\listtext	\'95	}Scallions, thinly sliced on an angle, for garnish\
{\listtext	\'95	}Rice, for serving\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\ql\qnatural

\b\fs54 \cf0 DIRECTIONS\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa160\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs50 \cf3 For the chicken marinade: In a mixing bowl, combine the chicken with the sesame oil, sugar, soy sauce and pepper. Toss to coat, cover, place in the refrigerator and let sit 1 hour. \uc0\u8232 Stir-fry chicken pieces and set aside.\
In a large saute pan, heat 1 tablespoon oil over medium heat. Add the garlic and ginger and cook until golden brown and fragrant, about 30 seconds. Next, add the rice wine, hoisin, oyster sauce, soy sauce, honey and the chili sauces; bring to a simmer. \uc0\u8232 In a glass measuring cup, mix 2 tablespoons cornstarch with 1/4 cup very cold water, whisking until combined. Add the mixture to the sauce and simmer for an additional minute, until the sauce thickens. Adjust seasoning to taste. \
Add in the chicken and toss to coat with the sauce. Add the lemon zest and juice. Garnish with toasted sesame seeds and scallions. \uc0\u8232 Serve warm over rice.\
}