{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12620\viewh16200\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Sesame Chicken Sate with Peanut Sauce\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs32 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 18 appetizers\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs36 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}6 boneless {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/chicken/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 chicken breasts}}, cut into 1 1/2-inch wide strips\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup sesame seeds, white\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup black sesame seeds\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 teaspoons chili powder\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 teaspoons salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon garlic powder\
{\listtext	\'95	}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup chicken broth\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup peanut butter\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup Coco Lopez\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/8 cup low-sodium soy sauce\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 teaspoon honey\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 Preheat oven to 325 degrees F.\
"Weave" a bamboo skewer through the length of each chicken strip (as you would run a straight pin through fabric). Mix the seeds, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/chili-powder/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 chili powder}}, salt and garlic powder in a shallow bowl. Dip chicken into warm water and roll into seed mixture. Bake on a lightly greased {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/jelly-roll-pan/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 sheet pan}} until done.\
Heat chicken broth. In a mixing bowl, combine peanut butter, Coco Lopez, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/soy-sauce/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 soy sauce}} and honey and mix well. It will be thick. Slowly mix {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/broth/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 chicken broth}} into {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/peanut-butter/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 peanut butter}} mixture. It should be medium consistency for dipping skewered chicken.}