{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red158\green0\blue0;\red51\green51\blue51;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww20260\viewh21320\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs64 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd-4\expndtw-20
COOKING WITH ALMOND BUTTER
\fs100 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs24 \cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs32 \cf0 Looking for a delectable - allergy-free - alternative to peanut butter? Almond butter is not only a delicious grab for people with peanut allergies, it is also a rich, thick spread for those who are craving ways to lower cholesterol as well as their intake of saturated fat. Best yet, almond butter can replace peanut butter in both sweet and savory recipes, giving you a delectable array of new dishes to serve for your family. Here are some scrumptiously creative almond butter recipes.
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural

\f2\fs24 \cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\sa20\ql\qnatural

\f1\b\fs44 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd-4\expndtw-20
SPANISH ALMOND CHICKEN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural

\f2\b0\fs24 \cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Serves 4 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural

\fs34 \cf3 Rich with robust flavor and aroma, this Spanish dish is nothing short of satisfying. The almond butter lends a delectable thickness to the sauce while the saffron, sherry, lemon and spices infuse the chicken and mushrooms with a warm and wonderful medley of tastes. \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural

\i\b \cf3 Ingredients: \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural

\i0\b0 \cf3 1/4 cup olive oil \
1 small onion, halved, thinly sliced \
1 carrot, finely diced \
2 cloves garlic, thinly sliced \
1 (8-ounce) package sliced mushrooms \
Salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste \
1-1/4 pound boneless skinless chicken breasts, cut into bite-sized pieces \
Pinch of saffron (rubbed finely before adding) \
1/2 cup dry sherry \
Juice and zest of a small lemon \
1/2 cup water \
Pinch of ground cloves \
Pinch of ground ginger \
1/2 teaspoon dried thyme \
Generous 1/2 cup smooth almond butter \
1 (9-ounce) package baby spinach leaves or about 4 cups \
Toasted sliced almonds \
Finely chopped fresh parsley \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural

\i\b \cf3 Directions: \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural

\i0\b0 \cf3 1. Heat olive oil in a Dutch oven or large saucepan over medium-high heat. Add onion, carrot, garlic and mushrooms and cook, stirring often, for 3 minutes. Season with salt and pepper and continue to cook, stirring for 2 more minutes. \
\
2. Add chicken and cook, stirring, until chicken is just cooked through. Meanwhile, dissolve saffron in sherry. Add sherry, lemon juice and zest, and water to chicken, stirring to combine. Bring to a simmer. \
\
3. Stir in cloves, ginger, thyme and almond butter. Bring to a simmer and let cook for 5 minutes. Add spinach and cook, stirring, until spinach is wilted. Reduce heat to medium-low and let simmer for 10 minutes to combine flavors. Serve hot, garnished with toasted sliced almonds and parsley. \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural

\fs24 \cf3 \
}