{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red37\green78\blue16;\red34\green34\blue34;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16940\viewh18880\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs56 \cf2 Spicy Curry Chicken\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs36 \cf3 Serves: 4\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\qc

\fs26 \cf3 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\ql\qnatural

\b\fs40 \cf3 \ul Ingredients:
\b0 \ulnone \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\cf3 \ul For Marinade:\ulnone \
\
Chicken - 400 grams, boneless, skinless\
Turmeric powder - 1/2 teaspoon\
Red chilli powder - 1/2 teaspoon\
Plain yogurt/Curd - 2 tablespoons\
Lemon Juice - 2 teaspoons\
Ginger garlic paste - 1 teaspoon\
Salt - 1/4 teaspoon\
\
\ul For Masala:\ulnone \
\
Poppy Seeds - 1 tablespoon\
Cloves - 6 nos\
Whole black pepper - 1/2 tablespoon\
Fennel seeds - 2 teaspoons\
Dry red chillies - 6 nos\
Cumin seeds - 1/2 teaspoon\
Cinnamon stick - 2 inch length piece\
\
\ul For Gravy:\ulnone \
\
Oil - 4 tablespoons\
Onion - 1 no, finely chopped\
Tomatoes - 2 no, blended to a smooth paste\
Curry Leaves - 2 strings\
Salt - to taste\
Turmeric powder - as required\
Ginger Garlic paste - 2 teaspoons\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\qc

\fs26 \cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\ql\qnatural

\b\fs40 \cf3 \ul Method:
\b0 \ulnone \
\
1) Wash and cut the chicken into cubes. Mix all the ingredients given for marinade and then mix with the chicken cubes. Marinate it for minimum of 30 minutes to maximum of 8 hours or overnight.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\qc

\fs26 \cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\ql\qnatural

\fs40 \cf3 \'a02) Dry roast the ingredients given for roasting and make a fine powder of it after it cools down to room temperature. Colour of the spice powder differs based on the quality of the ingredients used.
\fs26 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\qc
\cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\ql\qnatural

\fs40 \cf3 3) Heat oil in a thick bottom pan. Add onion and saute until it turns translucent.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\qc
\cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\cf3 4) Add the ginger garlic paste given for gravy. Saute for 1-2 minutes.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\qc
\cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\cf3 5) Add tomato paste and cook until the oil separates from it.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\qc
\cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\cf3 6) Add the dry roasted and powdered spices to the gravy. Add 1/2 cup - 1 cup of water to the pan and continue heating\'a0 until the gravy comes to the homogeneous state.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\qc

\fs26 \cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\ql\qnatural

\fs40 \cf3 7) Add the chicken with its marinade.\'a0 Continue cooking over a high heat, stirring constantly until the yogurt get incorporated with the chicken. Add salt and 1/2 cup of water. Mix well. \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\qc
\cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\cf3 8) Cover and cook for 5-10 minutes on low flame. After 5 minutes, stir often, as it help the sauce to a creamy consistency.\
9) Taste and adjust the seasoning. \
10) Add lemon juice and curry leaves. Serve hot with steamed rice.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\qc
\cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\cf3 \ul Note:\ulnone \
1) After adding chicken, it is optional to add water. Chicken cubes itself leaves out some water while cooking. So increase or decrease the water quantity as per your need.\
2) Add water with the powdered spice mix to avoid lumps.}