{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red61\green63\blue63;\red71\green155\blue220;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14940\viewh15700\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa120\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs50 \cf2 Spicy-Sweet Chicken Wings\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa160\ql\qnatural

\b\fs36 \cf3 INGREDIENTS\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf2 Makes 35 to 45 wings; serves 8.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b \cf2 		FOR THE WINGS
\b0 \
		2/3 cup hoisin sauce\
		2 tablespoons finely grated orange zest\
		1/4 to 1/2 cup Sriracha hot-chile sauce, or other hot sauce\
		1/4 cup honey\
		1 teaspoon toasted-sesame oil\
		4 1/2 pounds chicken wing drumettes, patted dry with paper towels (35 to 45 wings)\
\ls1\ilvl0
\b 		FOR THE DIPPING SAUCE
\b0 \
		2 teaspoons safflower oil\
		3 garlic cloves, minced\
		1/2 cup fresh orange juice (from about 2 oranges)\
		2 tablespoons honey\
		2 teaspoons hoisin sauce\
		1/4 teaspoon salt\
		Sliced scallions, for garnish\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
\cf2 	
\b \cf3 \
DIRECTIONS\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\b0 \cf2 {\listtext	1.	}Make the wings: Whisk hoisin, orange zest, hot sauce, honey, and sesame oil in a large bowl. Refrigerate 1/2 cup marinade. Add wings to remaining marinade, and toss to coat. Cover, and refrigerate, tossing wings occasionally, for at least 2 hours (or overnight).\
{\listtext	2.	}Preheat oven to 375 degrees. Let wings stand at room temperature for 30 minutes. Arrange on a rimmed baking sheet, and bake for 20 minutes, rotating sheet and brushing with half of reserved marinade halfway through. Increase oven temperature to 425 degrees. Bake wings, brushing with remaining marinade, until golden brown, about 20 minutes more.\
{\listtext	3.	}Make the dipping sauce: Heat safflower oil and garlic in a small saucepan over medium heat for 30 seconds. Add orange juice, honey, hoisin, and salt, and cook for 2 minutes. Let cool.\
{\listtext	4.	}Arrange wings on platter, sprinkle with scallions, and serve with sauce.}