{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16140\viewh17500\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs50 \cf0 Sweet and Spicy Drumettes\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs30 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 4 to 5 servings\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Marinade:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}6 tablespoons unsalted butter\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup honey\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons distilled white {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/vinegar/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 vinegar}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup chopped pecans\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons ground {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/ancho-chile/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 ancho chile}}* (or chipotle powder)\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 teaspoons garlic powder\
{\listtext	\'95	}Salt and freshly ground black pepper\
   \'95	2 pounds {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/chicken/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 chicken}} drumettes\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.\
In a small {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/saucepan/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 saucepan}}, add the butter and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/melt/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 melt}} over medium-low heat. Stir in the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/honey/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 honey}}, and cook until the mixture bubbles, about 3 minutes. Remove from the heat, and stir in the vinegar, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/worcestershire-sauce/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Worcestershire sauce}}, pecans, ground ancho and garlic powder. Season the marinade, to taste, with salt and pepper.\
** Arrange the drumettes on a baking sheet, and brush each with the marinade. Bake until the chicken is cooked through, about 25 minutes. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/baste/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Baste}} once, halfway through baking time. Transfer to a serving platter and serve hot.\
*Cook's Note: The ancho chile is a dried {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/poblano-chile/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 poblano chile}}. It is also sold as "pasilla" in the US. It is a deep red color, and the flavor ranges from mild to pungent. The rich, slightly fruit flavored ancho is the sweetest of the dried chiles. Anchos are often sold whole and can be stemmed, seeded then ground at home in a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/coffee/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 coffee}} or spice {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/grinder/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 grinder}}. They can also be found at most supermarkets, Latin specialty markets or online.\
**Cook's Note: Cover your baking sheet with tin foil for easy clean up and to prevent {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/marinade/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 marinade}} from burning in the oven.\
}