{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww21980\viewh20240\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl500\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Tandoori Spiced Chicken Breast with Grilled Tomato Jam and Herbed Yogurt Sauce
\f1\b0\fs32 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260\ql\qnatural

\b \cf2 Serves: 
\b0 \cf0 4 servings\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs36 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs42 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl420\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs40 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons onion powder\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons garlic powder\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons ground ginger\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons ground coriander\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon ground cumin\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon ground cayenne\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon ground turmeric\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon ground white pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon kosher salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 (8-ounce) boneless skinless chicken breasts\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 tablespoons vegetable oil\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 pita breads, warmed on the grill\
{\listtext	\'95	}Tomato Jam, recipe follows\
{\listtext	\'95	}Herbed Yogurt, recipe follows\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs42 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs40 \cf0 Heat grill to medium-high. Combine all spices and the oil in a medium bowl to make a paste. Rub a thin layer of the spice paste onto 1 side of each chicken breast. Grill for 3 to 4 minutes on each side or until slightly charred and just cooked through. Remove from the grill, let rest 5 minutes, and cut lengthwise into 1/2-inch thick slices. Serve openface on pitas: the chicken slices, a few dollops of Tomato Jam, and a drizzle of Herbed Yogurt.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs42 \cf0 Grilled Tomato Jam:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl420\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs40 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}5 plum tomatoes\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 serrano chile\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons vegetable oil, plus more for grilling\
{\listtext	\'95	}Salt and freshly ground pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 small Spanish onion, chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 tablespoons balsamic vinegar\
{\listtext	\'95	}Pinch saffron\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Heat grill to high. Brush tomatoes and serrano with oil and season with salt and pepper. Grill tomatoes and serrano on all sides until charred. Remove from the grill and coarsely chop.\
Heat oil in a medium saucepan on the grates of the grill or on the side burners. Add the onion and cook until soft. Add the tomatoes, serrano, balsamic vinegar, and saffron and cook until thickened. Season with salt and pepper. Transfer to a bowl and let cool to room temperature before serving.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs42 \cf0 Herbed Yogurt:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl420\ql\qnatural
\ls3\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs40 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 cup Greek yogurt\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup chopped fresh mint leaves\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup chopped fresh cilantro leaves\
{\listtext	\'95	}Salt and freshly ground pepper\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Place all ingredients in a food processor and process until smooth. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Refrigerate if not using immediately.\
}