{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16380\viewh17220\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Tequila-Marinated Chicken with Mexican Mole Sauce\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs32 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 4 servings\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs36 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 (3 1/2 to 4-pound) chicken, cut into 8 pieces\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup tequila\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 lime, juiced\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon minced garlic\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup finely chopped cilantro\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons brown sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 large tomatoes (1 1/4 pounds)\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 medium onion, peeled and cut into 1-inch chunks\
{\listtext	\'95	}10 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/garlic/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cloves garlic}}, unpeeled\
{\listtext	\'95	}10 ancho chiles, (3 ounces), stem removed and seeded (reserve seeds)\
{\listtext	\'95	}5 guajillo chiles, (1 1/2 ounces), stem removed and seeded (reserve seeds)\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup sesame seeds\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon black {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/peppercorn/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 peppercorns}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 stick cinnamon, about 2 inches long\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 whole cloves\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup fresh {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/oregano/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Mexican oregano}} leaves, or 2 teaspoons dried\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup fresh thyme leaves, or 2 teaspoons dried\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup shelled and skinned almond, roasted\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup shelled {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/peanut/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 peanuts}}, roasted\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/raisin/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 raisins}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 to 2 1/2 cups {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/stock/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 chicken stock}}, hot (plus a little more if necessary)\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 1/2 tablespoons {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/vegetable-oils/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 vegetable oil}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 ounces (2 tablets) Mexican chocolate, chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 (14-ounce) can tomato puree\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 teaspoon salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup chopped {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cilantro/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cilantro}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}Fresh tortillas, for serving\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 Place chicken pieces in a large resealable plastic bag. Combine the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/tequila/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 tequila}}, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/lime/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 lime}} juice, garlic, cilantro and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sugar/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 brown sugar}} in a mixing bowl and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/whisk/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 whisk}} until the sugar is dissolved. Pour over chicken pieces and seal the bag, trying to release as much air as possible. Refrigerate the chicken for 45 minutes to 1 hour, turning occasionally.\
While the chicken is marinating, make the sauce.\
Preheat the broiler to 500 degrees F and line a large baking sheet with parchment paper.\
Combine the tomatoes, onion, and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/garlic/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 garlic cloves}} on the baking sheet and broil until slightly caramelized around the edges, about 10 minutes. Remove from the oven and transfer the garlic to a small plate to cool. Using a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/spatula/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 spatula}} or large spoon, turn the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/tomato/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 tomatoes}} and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/onion/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 onions}} so that the uncooked sides are up. Return to the broiler until slightly caramelized on the second side, about 6 to 8 minutes. Remove from the oven and set aside to cool. In a large skillet over high heat, toast the chiles on all sides until lightly browned and fragrant. Do not allow to burn. Transfer to a medium bowl, cover with hot water and allow to sit until softened, about 30 minutes. In the same skillet, combine the sesame seeds and reserved {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/chile/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 chile}} seeds and toast until light brown and fragrant. Transfer to a large bowl and set aside. Add the peppercorns, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cinnamon/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cinnamon stick}}, cloves, oregano and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/thyme/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 thyme}} to the hot skillet and "toast" for a few seconds, just until their perfume is released. Transfer to the bowl with the sesame seeds.\
When cool enough to handle, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/peel/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 peel}} the garlic cloves and add these, along with the charred tomatoes and onion, to the bowl of a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/food-processor/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 food processor}}. Add the seeds and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/spices/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 spices}}. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/drain/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Drain}} the liquid off of the chiles and add these to the processor as well. Add the roasted nuts and raisins, and 1 cup of the chicken stock and puree the mixture until very smooth and thick, scraping down the sides of the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/blender/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 blender}} frequently.\
In a large deep pot, heat 3 tablespoons of the vegetable oil until very hot. Carefully pour the pureed mixture into the pot (be careful ? it will splatter) and bring the mixture to a boil. Lower the heat so that the mixture simmers, and add 3 1/2 ounces of the chocolate to the pot. Cover and cook, stirring frequently, for about 1 hour, or until the mole paste is very thick and flavorful. At this point you should have about 3 1/2 cups of mole paste. Reserve 1 cup to make the Mole sauce, and reserve the remaining paste for another use. The mole paste will keep for at least 6 months, refrigerated, or up to 1 year if frozen.\
Preheat the broiler to 500 degrees F.\
To make the sauce, heat the remaining 1 1/2 tablespoons of oil in a large {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/saucepan/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 saucepan}} over medium-high heat until very hot. Add the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/tomato-puree/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 tomato puree}} and cook for 2 minutes, stirring frequently. Add the cup of reserved mole paste and the remaining 1 to 1 1/2 cups of chicken stock and stir to combine well. Cook for 3 to 4 minutes, until the mixture is a nice sauce consistency. Add the remaining 1/2-ounce of {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/mexican-chocolate/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Mexican chocolate}} and the salt and cook another 2 minutes, or until the chocolate is melted and the sauce is thick, smooth and flavorful. Keep warm while you cook the chicken.\
Line a baking sheet with aluminum foil and place the chicken pieces on the baking sheet. Broil for 5 minutes, or until the chicken is charred in places. Turn the chicken and continue to {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/broil/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 broil}} for an additional 5 minutes, or until the second side is charred. Reduce the heat to 325 degrees F and continue to cook the chicken until the juices run clear, about 10 more minutes.\
Serve the chicken immediately, with some of the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/mole/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 mole}} sauce spooned over the top, garnished with some of the chopped cilantro. Pass tortillas at the table.}