{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red84\green84\blue84;\red51\green51\blue51;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl520\sa80\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs66 \cf0 Tuscan Chicken Cacciatore\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\fs40 \cf2 Yield:  \cf0 6 servings\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\ql\qnatural

\fs52 \cf0 INGREDIENTS\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0\fs48 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}12 pieces chicken (a mix of white meat and dark pieces)\
{\listtext	\'95	}Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 tablespoons olive oil\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 oil-packed anchovy fillets\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 cloves garlic, cut in quarters\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 small red onions, finely chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 carrots, peeled and finely chopped\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 celery stalk, finely chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 fresh bay leaves\
{\listtext	\'95	}3/4 to 1 cup red wine (try a nice Chianti)\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 1/2 cups chopped Roma tomatoes, with their juices\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup black pitted olives\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley
\b\fs52 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\ql\qnatural
\cf0 DIRECTIONS\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa160\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs48 \cf3 Heat a large skillet over medium-high heat. \uc0\u8232 \u8232 Sprinkle the chicken with salt and pepper. Sear the chicken in the olive oil on both sides until golden brown, about 4 minutes per side. Remove to a plate. \u8232 \u8232 Add the anchovies and garlic to the hot pan, using your wooden spoon to break up the anchovy, and saute until the garlic is fragrant and the anchovy is melted. Add the onions, carrots and celery, and saute until tender and just beginning to turn golden. Add the white wine and stir well until the sharp smell of the wine is cooked off, about 2 minutes. Add the tomatoes and their juices along with the olives, and give a good stir. Add the chicken pieces to the skillet, making sure they are just covered by the tomatoes, flipping to coat with the sauce. Cover with a lid and simmer on low for 35 to 40 minutes. Serve with the chopped parsley.\
}