{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red68\green68\blue68;\red117\green117\blue117;\red34\green34\blue34;
\red99\green99\blue99;\red85\green85\blue85;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa300\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf2 \shad\shadx0\shady-20\shadr0\shado255 \shadc0 Yellow Chicken Curry
\b0\fs28 \cf3 \shad0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ri1020\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf3 Serves 
\b 4
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\fs24 \cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\ql\qnatural

\b\fs42 \cf5 Ingredients \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf3 		Yellow curry paste:
\b0 \
		1 tsp cumin seeds\
		1 tsp coriander seeds\
		3 tsp yellow curry powder\
		2 tsp crushed red chili pepper\
		2 tsp salt\
		1/2 tsp ground ginger\
		1/4 tsp cinnamon\
		2 cloves\
		1 small onion, peeled and quartered\
		4 large garlic cloves\
\ls2\ilvl0
\b 		Curry:
\b0 \
		2 boneless chicken breasts \
		2 Tbsp neutral vegetable oil, like canola or peanut\
		1 recipe yellow curry paste (see above)\
		1 can of coconut milk\
		4 medium waxy potatoes\
		1 red bell pepper\
		1/2 tsp sugar\
		handful of fresh basil, preferably Thai (optional)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa240\ql\qnatural

\b \cf5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\ql\qnatural
\ls3\ilvl0\cf5 Directions
\b0 \cf6 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl380\sa440\ql\qnatural
\ls3\ilvl0\cf6 		In a skillet over medium heat, toast the cumin and coriander seeds until fragrant, stirring frequently to prevent burning. This should take 2-3 minutes.\
		Put the toasted seeds and all the other paste ingredients into a blender. Add 1-2 Tbsp of water to help the ingredients mix better. Process until smooth, scraping down the sides with a spatula as necessary. Set aside.\
		Cut the chicken breasts into 1/2 inch cubes. 		\
		Wash and peel the potatoes. Cut into 1/2 inch cubes.\
		Wash and trim the red pepper. Halve the pepper, cut each half into strips lengthwise, and then halve the strips cross-wise. Set aside in a third prep bowl.\
\ls3\ilvl0
\b 		Make the curry:
\b0 \
		In a large skillet, heat the oil over high heat until it shimmers. Add the chicken, sprinkle liberally with salt, and saute just until the point no pink remains. Transfer the chicken pieces back into a bowl and set aside.\
		Reduce the heat to medium. Scrape in the curry sauce from the blender  (be careful - it may splatter if the pan is too hot). Stirring constantly, cook until the liquid evaporates and only a fragrant, golden brown paste remains, 3-4 minutes.\
		Carefully pour in half a can of coconut milk and stir until the curry paste is dissolved.\
		Add the potatoes, the rest of the coconut milk, and the sugar. Heat until the coconut milk begins to bubble.\
		Reduce the heat to medium-low. Simmer until the potatoes are tender, 10-15 minutes.\
}