{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16780\viewh18580\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs66 \cf0 Yogurt Marinated Grilled Chicken with Harissa\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs46 \cf2 Serves:\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf0 8 servings\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs50 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs54 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs52 \cf0 I love what the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/yogurt/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 yogurt}} does to tenderize and add richness to the chicken. I have marinated it for a few hours and up to a day and a half before cooking. When this technique is combined with the smoky, charred flavor that the grill gives it, people will love this dish!\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs54 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs52 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup whole {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/milk/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 milk}} yogurt\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 (1 to 2-inch) knob fresh {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/ginger/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 ginger}}, peeled and grated\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon ground cumin\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon red chili flakes\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/salt/index.html"}}{\fldrslt Kosher salt}}\cf0 \
{\listtext	\'95	}1 whole chicken, cut in 1/2\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 lemon, halved\
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/harissa/index.html"}}{\fldrslt Harissa}}\cf0 , recipe follows\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 In a large bowl, combine the yogurt, ginger, cumin, chili flakes and salt. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/whisk/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Whisk}} until smooth and pour into a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cookware-and-bakeware-materials/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 baking dish}}. Lay the chicken halves, skin side up, in the yogurt mixture. Cover with {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/plastic-wrap/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 plastic wrap}} and refrigerate for a couple of hours to {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/marinate/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 marinate}}.\
Preheat a very clean grill to medium. When the grill is hot, brush with oil.\
Remove the chicken from the yogurt, leaving any excess behind, and lay them out on the grill {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/skin/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 skin}} side down. Cook until the skin is brown and crispy then {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/flip/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 flip}}. You want to {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/roast/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 roast}} them, essentially, on the grill, and avoid "flaming" them or cooking them over too intense heat. That would dry them out. Grill the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/chicken/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 chicken}} until an instant-read thermometer inserted into the thigh registers between 155 degrees F and 160 degrees F, about 35 to 40 minutes.\
Remove the chicken from the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/grill/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 grill}} to a cutting board Cut into small pieces or serve whole, family style. Transfer to a serving platter and sprinkle with {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/lemon/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 lemon}} juice. Top with Harissa and serve immediately.\
Harissa:\
This North African {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/condiment/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 condiment}} is one of my favorites to have on hand for those spicy moments. I love adding a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/dollop/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 dollop}} of this to salad dressings or sauteed vegetables.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}2 teaspoons coriander seeds\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cumin/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cumin}} seeds\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon caraway seeds\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons paprika\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon red chili flakes\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 cloves {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/garlic/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 garlic}}, peeled\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 red bell pepper, roasted, peeled and seeded\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sea-salt/index.html"}}{\fldrslt Sea salt}}\cf0 \
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, plus more to coat the top of the harissa\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.\
In a small bowl, combine the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/coriander/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 coriander}} seeds, cumin seeds and caraway seeds. Add the spices to a sheet tray and toast in the oven for 1 to 2 minutes. You should faintly detect the scent of the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/spices/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 spices}}. Remove the tray from the oven and set aside to cool. Add the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/paprika/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 paprika}} and chili flakes to the spice mix.\
Using a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/mortar-and-pestle/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 mortar and pestle}} (or, alternatively, a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/food-processor/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 food processor}}) grind the garlic cloves until they become a paste, then add the red bell pepper. Season with salt, to taste, then add the spices and the 2 tablespoons of extra-virgin olive oil and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/blend/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 blend}} well. When blended, transfer the Harissa to a container and top with some additional olive oil. This will keep for 3 to 6 weeks, covered, in the refrigerator.\
Yield: 1/2 cup}