{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14020\viewh19500\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs22 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa240\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs46 \cf0 Skillet Beef Stroganoff\

\b\fs32 Serves 4\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural

\i\b0\fs34 \cf0 Brandy can ignite if added to a hot, empty skillet. Be sure to add the brandy to the skillet after stirring in the broth.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural

\i0\b\fs32 \cf0 INGREDIENTS\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl520\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 		
\fs38 1 1/2
\b0  pounds sirloin steak tips \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b 		\'a0
\b0  Salt and pepper\
\ls1\ilvl0
\b 		4
\b0  tablespoons vegetable oil\
\ls1\ilvl0
\b 		10
\b0  ounces white mushrooms , sliced thin\
\ls1\ilvl0
\b 		1
\b0  onion , chopped fine\
\ls1\ilvl0
\b 		2
\b0  tablespoons all-purpose flour\
\ls1\ilvl0
\b 		1 1/2
\b0  cups low-sodium chicken broth\
\ls1\ilvl0
\b 		1 1/2
\b0  cups low-sodium beef broth\
\ls1\ilvl0
\b 		1/3
\b0  cup brandy\
\ls1\ilvl0
\b 		1/3
\b0  pound wide egg noodles (3 cups)\
\ls1\ilvl0
\b 		2/3
\b0  cup sour cream\
\ls1\ilvl0
\b 		2
\b0  teaspoons lemon juice\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural

\b\fs32 \cf0 INSTRUCTIONS\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl360\sa300\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\b0 \cf0 		
\fs38 1. Pat beef dry with paper towels and season with salt and pepper. Heat 1 tablespoon oil in large skillet over medium-high heat until just smoking. Cook half of beef until well browned, 3 to 4 minutes per side. Transfer to medium bowl and repeat with 1 tablespoon more oil and remaining beef.\
		2. Heat remaining 2 tablespoons oil in now-empty skillet until shimmering. Cook mushrooms, onion, and 1/2 teaspoon salt until liquid from mushrooms has evaporated, about 8 minutes. (If pan becomes too brown, pour accumulated beef juices into skillet.) Stir in flour and cook for 30 seconds. Gradually stir in broths, then brandy, and return beef and accumulated juices to pan. Bring to simmer, cover, and cook over low heat until beef is tender, 30 to 35 minutes.\
		3. Stir noodles into beef mixture, cover, and cook, stirring occasionally, until noodles are tender, 10 to 12 minutes. Off heat, stir in sour cream and lemon juice. Season with salt and pepper. Serve.\
}