{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13800\viewh19060\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 Beef Short Ribs
\f1\b0\fs38 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Serves: 6 servings\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl300\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs38 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}6 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/beef/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 beef}} short ribs, trimmed of fat\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl300\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/salt/index.html"}}{\fldrslt Kosher salt}}\cf0 \
{\listtext	\'95	}Freshly ground black pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup good olive oil\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 small {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/fennel/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 fennel}}, fronds, stems, and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/core/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 core}} removed, large-diced\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/leek/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 leek}}, cleaned and large-diced, white part only\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 cups chopped onion (2 onions)\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 cups large-diced celery (6 large stalks)\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 carrots, peeled and large-diced\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 garlic cloves, minced\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons tomato paste\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 (750-ml) bottle Cotes du Rhone or other dry red wine\
{\listtext	\'95	}Fresh {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/rosemary/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 rosemary}} sprigs\
{\listtext	\'95	}Fresh {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/thyme/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 thyme}} sprigs\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon brown sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}6 cups beef {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/stock/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 stock}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs38 \cf0 Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Place the short ribs on a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sheet-pan/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 sheet pan}}, sprinkle with salt and pepper, and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/roast/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 roast}} for 15 minutes. Remove from the oven. Reduce the oven temperature to 300 degrees F.\
Meanwhile, heat the olive oil in a large {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/dutch-oven/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Dutch oven}} and add the fennel, leek, onion, celery and carrots and cook over medium-low heat for 20 minutes, stirring occasionally. Add the garlic and cook for another 2 minutes. Add the tomato paste and wine, bring to a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/boil/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 boil}} and cook over high heat until the liquid is reduced by half, about 10 minutes. Add 1 tablespoon salt and 1 teaspoon pepper. Tie the rosemary and thyme together with kitchen twine and add to the pot.\
Place the roasted ribs on top of the vegetables in the Dutch oven and add the brown sugar and beef stock. Bring to a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/simmer/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 simmer}} over high heat. Cover the Dutch oven and bake for 2 hours or until the meat is very tender.\
Carefully remove the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/short-ribs/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 short ribs}} from the pot and set aside. Discard the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/herbs/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 herbs}} and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/skim/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 skim}} the excess fat. Cook the vegetables and sauce over medium heat for 20 minutes, until reduced. Put the ribs back into the pot and heat through. Serve with the vegetables and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sauce/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 sauce}}\
}