{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Beer, Ginger, and Garlic Braised Brisket\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs32 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 6 to 8 servings\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs36 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons canola oil\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 (3-pound) {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/beef/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 beef}} brisket, trimmed of excess fat and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/silver-skin/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 silver skin}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 (2-inch) stick cinnamon\
{\listtext	\'95	}10 whole cloves\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 green {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cardamom/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cardamom}} pods, crushed\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 pounds white {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/onion/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 onions}}, sliced 1/2-inch thick (about 3 medium)\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 tablespoons Ginger-Garlic Paste, recipe follows\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon dark {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sugar/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 brown sugar}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 (22-ounce) {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/lager/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 lager}} beer (recommended: Sapporo)\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup beef or {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/broth/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 chicken broth}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/vinegar/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 apple cider vinegar}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F.\
Warm the oil in a large, ovenproof {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/dutch-oven/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Dutch oven}} over medium-high heat until shimmering. Season the brisket with salt and pepper on both sides, and then add the meat to the pot. Brown on all sides, about 10 minutes total. Remove from the pot and set aside on a plate.\
Turn the heat down to medium and add the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cinnamon/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cinnamon stick}}, cloves, and cardamom pods; they should sizzle upon contact with the oil in the pot. Once they start releasing their {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/aroma/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 aroma}} (less than 1 minute), add the onions and Ginger-Garlic paste. Sprinkle with a touch of salt to help them release some moisture. Saute until they soften and turn golden, about 10 minutes.\
Stir in the sugar and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/beer/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 beer}} to the pot, scraping up any bits that may have stuck to the bottom. Carefully, using a pair of tongs, return the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/brisket/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 brisket}} to the pot. Then add enough broth to bring the liquid halfway up the brisket, about 1 cup. Bring the liquid to a boil, shut off the heat, cover, and transfer to the oven where it will cook away for 3 hours until it's very tender. Remove the lid in the last half hour of cooking to reduce the liquid.\
When you're ready to serve, check the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/gravy/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 gravy}}. Stir in the cider vinegar. If it's too thick, don't be afraid to add a little water to thin it out. If it's too thin, reduce it on the stovetop. Taste for seasoning; depending on the brand of broth you used, you may want to add a little more salt.\
When slicing the brisket, remember to slice across the grain, that way you'll get the most tender pieces of meat. Spoon a little gravy over the top and enjoy a slice of brisket heaven!\
Ginger-Garlic Paste:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/garlic/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cloves garlic}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup (1/2-inch slices) fresh ginger\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup canola oil\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Throw the garlic, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/ginger/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 ginger}}, and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/canola-oil/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 canola oil}} in a mini-food processor and let it go until it forms a semi-smooth paste. There will still be tiny little pieces in there, but overall, it should resemble a paste.\
Save what you don't use in a small glass jar; it should last in the fridge for 2 to 3 weeks. It's a delicious addition to marinades, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/pasta/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 pasta}} sauces, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/stir-fry/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 stir-fry}} sauces, slow-cooker recipes, gravy etc. We always had a jar of this stuff in our fridge growing up.\
}