{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14700\viewh12220\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs58 \cf0 Braised Short Ribs over Soft Polenta
\fs50 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\ql\qnatural

\fs44 \cf0 Braised Short Ribs
\fs50 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0\fs46 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}3 tablespoons olive oil\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon Vignalta herb salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}Freshly ground pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 1/2 to 4 pounds beef short ribs (10 to 12 good-sized lean ribs)\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 ribs of celery, chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 large or 3 medium carrots, peeled and chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 yellow onion, diced\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 medium bell pepper, seeded and chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 pound mushrooms, sliced or chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 cloves of garlic, finely chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}About 1/2 cup good red wine\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 28-oz cans diced tomatoes\
{\listtext	\'95	}Fresh basil, oregano, Italian parsley \'97 at least 1/2 cup chopped of each\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 to 8 drops white truffle oil\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\ql\qnatural

\b\fs48 \cf0 Soft Polenta\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\b0\fs46 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}6 cups of vegetable or chicken broth (for extra rich polenta, reduce to 4 cups of broth and 2 cups of half-and-half or cream)\
{\listtext	\'95	}Pinch of Vignalta herb salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 package (or 16 ounces in bulk) de la Estancia Organic Polenta\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\ql\qnatural

\b\fs58 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\ql\qnatural

\fs48 \cf0 Braised Short Ribs
\fs50 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs46 \cf0 Preheat oven to 425\'b0 F. Place a deep Dutch oven or something that has a well-fitting lid and can take high heat in the oven to warm up. While the pot is heating, prepare the short ribs.\
In a shallow baking dish, add the olive oil and Vignalta herb salt. Sprinkle thoroughly with fresh black pepper. Coat each side of each short rib with the oil, salt, pepper mixture.\
Place the heated Dutch oven on top of the stove, over medium-high heat. Add the oiled ribs to the pan when it is hot enough to sizzle. Pour the oil that\'92s left in the baking dish into the hot pot. Brown each side of each rib, turning after a few minutes with long tongs. When each side is brown, reduce the heat to medium-low and cover the pot.\
While the ribs are cooking, prepare the vegetables. Place them in the pot in the following order: celery, carrots, onions, peppers, mushrooms, garlic, wine, and then canned tomatoes \'97 just keep pouring everything on top and scooting it around the pot to make room for what comes next.\
Finish with the freshly chopped herbs and then take a digital photo of your gorgeous pot of short ribs. E-mail the photo to everyone you want to make jealous. This is a very important step, and if you skip it you might be in danger of taking this too seriously.\
Bake for 3 to 4 hours. You know it\'92s done when the meat is already falling off the bone before you touch it with tongs.\
Serve over Soft Polenta (recipe follows).\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\ql\qnatural

\b\fs48 \cf0 Soft Polenta
\fs50 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs46 \cf0 Bring broth to a boil; reduce heat to a simmer. Add herb salt and stir to dissolve. In a steady stream, pour in half of the polenta and stir vigorously. When the polenta has been incorporated, add the remaining polenta and stir quickly. Break up any lumps and keep stirring until it is smooth and thick. If you like firm polenta, keep cooking. If you like it soft, turn down the heat and add more liquid to taste.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\ql\qnatural

\b\fs48 \cf0 To serve:\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs46 \cf0 Place a ladle-full of polenta in a pasta dish or swirl it on a plate. Make a small well for the sauce and veggies. Place one or two beef ribs on top, spoon on the sauce and veggies, and serve with freshly grated Parmesan cheese, good wine and salad.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\ql\qnatural

\b\fs70 \cf0 \
}