{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f2\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15360\viewh17920\viewkind0
\deftab1134
\pard\pardeftab1134\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Braised Beef Brisket I\
\pard\pardeftab1134\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs32 \cf2 Serves:\
\pard\pardeftab1134\sl240\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf0 6 servings\
\pard\pardeftab1134\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs36 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab1134\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab1134\li720\fi-720\ri-612\sl400\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0 \cf0 1 (6-pound) beef brisket, trimmed of fat\
\pard\pardeftab1134\ql\qnatural
\cf0 1/2 cup BBQ spice blend, be sure and check sodium levels
\f2\fs36 \

\f1\fs44 4 cups water (1 cup cold, 3 cups hot)
\f2\fs36 \

\f1\fs44 1 tablespoon very finely ground coffee
\f2\fs36 \

\f1\fs44 1/4 cup dark brown sugar
\f2\fs36 \

\f1\fs44 Freshly cracked black pepper
\f2\fs36 \

\f1\fs44 1/4 cup cider vinegar, preferably unfiltered
\f2\fs36 \

\f1\fs44 6 potato or dinner rolls, split
\f2\fs36 \
\pard\pardeftab1134\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab1134\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0 \cf0 Rub the brisket generously with spice blend, cover with plastic wrap and let marinate overnight in refrigerator.\
\pard\pardeftab1134\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.
\f2\fs36 \

\f1\fs44 Put the roast, fat cap up, in a roasting pan. Add 1 cup water to the pan and roast the brisket uncovered for 1 hour.
\f2\fs36 \

\f1\fs44 In a medium bowl, combine the coffee, brown sugar, pepper, to taste, 3 cups hot water and cider vinegar.
\f2\fs36 \

\f1\fs44 Remove the brisket from the oven, pour the coffee mixture over the brisket, cover with foil and braise until brisket reaches an internal temperature of 185 and is fork tender, about 3 hours. Remove to a carving board to let rest.
\f2\fs36 \

\f1\fs44 Simmer the braising liquid in the roasting pan on the stovetop, skimming fat and allow to reduce just slightly or to desired consistency.
\f2\fs36 \

\f1\fs44 Thinly slice beef across the grain. Dip the meat slices or the cut sides of the rolls in the reduced sauce. Make sandwiches with the meat and serve. Pour the remaining sauce into a small bowl and serve it with the sandwiches.\
}