{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red84\green84\blue84;\red51\green51\blue51;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid4}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11300\viewh13780\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl520\sa80\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs66 \cf0 Broiled Porterhouse with Roasted Garlic and Lemon\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\fs40 \cf2 Yield:  \cf0 4 to 6 servings\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\ql\qnatural

\fs52 \cf0 INGREDIENTS\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0\fs48 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}Two 24-ounce dry-aged prime porterhouse steaks\
{\listtext	\'95	}Kosher salt\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}4 strips bacon or 2 tablespoons bacon fat\
{\listtext	\'95	}Roasted Garlic Schmear, recipe follows\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls3\ilvl0
\b \cf0 Roasted Garlic Schmear 
\b0 (recipe below)\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 head roasted garlic, peeled\
{\listtext	\'95	}Juice and zest of 1 lemon\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup chopped parsley\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls4\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons olive oil\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon chopped oregano\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon sea salt\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\ql\qnatural

\b\fs52 \cf0 DIRECTIONS\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa160\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs48 \cf3 The night before you serve the steaks, season them liberally with salt on both sides and store in the refrigerator overnight. Remove them from the fridge 45 minutes before cooking, to take the chill off. \uc0\u8232 Turn the oven to broil. \u8232 Prepare your pan(s). Note: depending on the size of the steaks and the size of your pan, you may need two pans. If using the bacon, place in a large cast-iron pan(s) and cook over medium heat until crispy. Remove from the pan, leaving the melted bacon fat, and set aside for another use. If using the cold bacon fat, add it to a cast-iron pan(s) over medium-high heat and melt. \u8232 Open a window or two because it may get a little smoky. Place the steaks in the pan(s) and place under the broiler for 4 minutes. Flip the steaks carefully and return to the broiler for another 4 minutes. \u8232 At this point your steaks will be about medium rare. Leave them under the broiler a little longer if you prefer them more cooked. \u8232 Spread the Roasted Garlic Schmear over the tops of the steaks. Let rest for 5 minutes, and then slice and serve. \u8232 
\b Roasted Garlic Schmear \uc0\u8232 
\b0 Combine all the ingredients in a small bowl or a mortar and pestle. Mix to combine. \
Yield: about 1/2 cup}