{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14940\viewh19460\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs62 \cf0 Chipotle Marinated Flank Steak 
\b0\fs60  
\fs66 \

\fs42  Servings:  6 to 8
\f1\fs44 \

\f0\b\fs52 Ingredients:
\b0 \
1 1/2 to 2 pound flank steak\

\b Marinade:
\f2\b0 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 7 limes (juice, skins, and flesh) 
\f2 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 8 to 10 garlic cloves, chopped 
\f2 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 1/3 cup olive oil 
\f2 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 Lime wedges for garnish\

\b Glaze:
\b0 \
3 Tbsp Dijon mustard 
\f2 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 2 to 4 chipotle chilies in adobo sauce 
\f2 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 2 Tbsp honey 
\f2 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 1 Tbsp hoisin sauce 
\f2 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 4 garlic cloves, minced 
\f2                                                                    
\f0 1 lime, juiced\

\b Instructions:
\b0 \
Combine glaze ingredients.
\fs70  
\fs52 Set aside for several hours.
\f1\fs40 \

\f0\fs52 Combine lime juice and leftover lime pieces with garlic and oil. Place steak in marinade for 3 hours, turning occasionally.\
For medium-rare steak, grill over high heat 4 to 5 minutes.\
Remove steak from grill and brush glaze on both sides. Cook glazed steak 1 minute per side, careful not to burn.\
Remove steak from grill, let stand 5 minutes.\
Slice steak thin, diagonally against the grain. Pour on leftover glaze or juices. Garnish with lime wedges. Note: You can add to the glaze a little adobo sauce from the can of chilies. You can also add as many chilies to the glaze as you want, but it will get hot.\
\
}