{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9440\viewh12480\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Corned Beef\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs32 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 6 to 8 servings\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs36 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}2 quarts water\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup kosher salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sugar/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 brown sugar}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/saltpeter/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 saltpeter}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cinnamon stick, broken into several pieces\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon mustard seeds\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon black {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/peppercorn/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 peppercorns}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}8 whole {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/clove/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cloves}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}8 whole allspice berries\
{\listtext	\'95	}12 whole juniper berries\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 bay leaves, crumbled\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon ground ginger\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 pounds ice\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 (4 to 5 pound) beef brisket, trimmed\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 small {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/onion/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 onion}}, quartered\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 large {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/carrot/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 carrot}}, coarsely chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 stalk celery, coarsely chopped\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 Place the water into a large 6 to 8 quart stockpot along with salt, sugar, saltpeter, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cinnamon/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cinnamon stick}}, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/mustard-seed/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 mustard seeds}}, peppercorns, cloves, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/allspice/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 allspice}}, juniper berries, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/bay-leaf/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 bay leaves}} and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/ginger/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 ginger}}. Cook over high heat until the salt and sugar have dissolved. Remove from the heat and add the ice. Stir until the ice has melted. If necessary, place the brine into the refrigerator until it reaches a temperature of 45 degrees F. Once it has cooled, place the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/brisket/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 brisket}} in a 2-gallon zip top bag and add the brine. Seal and lay flat inside a container, cover and place in the refrigerator for 10 days. Check daily to make sure the beef is completely submerged and stir the brine.\
After 10 days, remove from the brine and rinse well under cool water. Place the brisket into a pot just large enough to hold the meat, add the onion, carrot and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/celery/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 celery}} and cover with water by 1-inch. Set over high heat and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to low, cover and gently {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/simmer/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 simmer}} for 2 1/2 to 3 hours or until the meat is fork tender. Remove from the pot and thinly slice across the grain.\
\
}