{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red51\green51\blue51;\red44\green103\blue155;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13780\viewh15560\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs50 \cf2 Corned Beef & Cabbage\

\itap1\trowd \taflags4 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth17320\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt220 \clpadl220 \clpadb220 \clpadr220 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs32 \cf2 Serves 8 
\f0 \
\

\f1\fs44 2- 3 pound corned beef briskets\
6 large carrots, peeled & cut into large chunks\
3 large onions, peeled & quartered\
2 teaspoon dry mustard\
a few sprigs each of fresh parsley & fresh thyme, tied together\
4 small heads of cabbage\

\f0 \

\f1 Put the corned beef brisket into a large stock pot.\'a0 Add the carrots, onion, mustard & herb bundle.\'a0 Cover with cold water & bring to a boil.\'a0 Reduce the heat to a simmer, cover the pot & cook for 2 hours.\'a0 Trim the outer leaves of the cabbage off.\'a0 Cut into quarters & add to the pot.\'a0 Cook for an additional 2 hours.\
Remove the corned beef from the pot & transfer to a cutting board.\'a0 Remove any visible fat from the brisket & cut into thin slices against the grain.\'a0 Using a slotted spoon, remove the cabbage & carrots.\'a0 Transfer the corned beef & vegetables to a serving platter & serve.\
This meal is particularly great when served with some {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.theparsleythief.com/2010/03/guinness-mustard-horseradish-cream.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 Guinness Mustard & Horseradish Cream}} as condiments.\cell \lastrow\row
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs50 \cf2 Guinness Mustard\

\itap1\trowd \taflags4 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth26260\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt220 \clpadl220 \clpadb220 \clpadr220 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs32 \cf2 Makes 6 servings\
\

\fs46 1/2 cup coarse grain Dijon mustard\
2 tablespoons Dijon mustard\
2 tablespoons Guinness stout\
1 tablespoon minced shallot\
1 teaspoon light brown sugar\
\
Combine all the ingredients in a mixing bowl & stir to combine.\'a0 Cover and refrigerate at least 2 hours.\'a0 This can be made up to 2 days in advance.
\f0 \'a0 \cell \lastrow\row
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b\fs50 \cf2 Horseradish Cream\

\itap1\trowd \taflags4 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth26260\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt220 \clpadl220 \clpadb220 \clpadr220 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs32 \cf2 Makes 1 1/2 cups\
\

\fs44 1 cup sour cream\
6 tablespoons prepared white horseradish\
1 tablespoon finely chopped dill pickle\
1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh chives\
\
Whisk all the ingredients together in a mixing bowl.\'a0 Cover and refrigerate at least 2 hours.\'a0 This can be made up to 2 days in advance.\'a0\cell \lastrow\row
}