{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14200\viewh17100\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs46 \cf0 Crispy Orange Beef with Broccoli
\f1\b0\fs26 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\b \cf2 Serves: 
\b0 \cf0 4 servings\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs40 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs38 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}3 cups white rice\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/4 pounds beef chuck steak\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/canola-oil/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 canola oil}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup cornstarch\
{\listtext	\'95	}3/4 cup orange marmalade\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon chopped {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/garlic/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 garlic}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons white {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/vinegar/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 vinegar}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon peeled and chopped {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/ginger/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 ginger}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons soy sauce\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/orange/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 orange}} juice\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 head broccoli, cut into florets, stems sliced into 1/4-inch rounds\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs40 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs38 \cf0 Cook the white rice according to package directions. Reserve 2 cups cooked rice for the online round 2 recipe, Beef Fried Rice.\
Thinly slice the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/chuck/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 chuck}} steak, about 1/4-inch thick, across the grain. Cut the slices into 3-inch long strips.\
Heat the oil in a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/wok/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 wok}} or large skillet over high heat. Toss the beef in the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cornstarch/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cornstarch}} and shake off excess. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/fry/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Fry}} the beef in 2 batches in the hot oil, turning once, until crispy and golden, about 2 minutes on each side. Remove the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/beef/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 beef}} from the pan and set aside on paper towel lined plate. Carefully {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/drain/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 drain}} the oil from the wok or skillet.\
In a medium bowl add the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/marmalade/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 marmalade}}, garlic, vinegar, ginger, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/soy-sauce/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 soy sauce}} and orange juice and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/whisk/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 whisk}} until well combined. Add to the wok, over high heat, and cook for 2 minutes. Stir in the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/broccoli/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 broccoli}}.  Cook the broccoli until slightly tender and the sauce is thick, about 3 to 5 minutes. Stir in the beef, then transfer to a serving platter. Serve immediately with the white rice. \
\
}