{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red34\green34\blue34;\red94\green90\blue87;\red153\green150\blue144;
\red0\green171\blue189;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9060\viewh9640\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl740\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\fs74 \cf2 Crown Roast
\f1\b\fs22 \cf2 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl220\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0\fs28 \cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\fs38 \cf4 Ask your butcher to remove the chine, feather bones, and any excess fat from the crown roast. \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\fs28 \cf3 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl220\ql\qnatural

\b \cf2 Yield:  
\b0 \cf3 Serves 12 to 18\
\cf5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl460\sa200\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs58 \cf2 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\sa120\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\fs42 \cf3 		1 eight-to-nine-pound crown roast of pork\
		Salt and freshly ground pepper\
		5 1/2 tablespoons olive oil\
		Grated zest of 1 orange\
		4 large cloves garlic, minced\
		2 tablespoons chopped fresh rosemary\
		3/4 cup dry white wine\
		1/2 cup fresh apple cider\
		1 cup low-sodium chicken broth\
		1 tablespoon unsalted butter, room temperature\
		2 tablespoons all-purpose flour\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl460\sa200\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs58 \cf2 Directions\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\sa320\ql\qnatural
\ls3\ilvl0
\f1\fs42 \cf3 {\listtext	.	}Preheat oven to 425 degrees.Position rack in lower third of the oven. Brush the roast with 4 tablespoons olive oil, and season with salt and pepper.\
{\listtext	.	}In small bowl, combine orange zest, garlic, rosemary, and the remaining 1 1/2 tablespoons olive oil. Spread mixture evenly over the meat, inside and out. Place meat in a heavy-duty roasting pan with a rack large enough to hold roast without crowding sides. Roast 15 minutes. Reduce heat to 375 degrees. Continue roasting, rotating pan after 45 minutes, until meat is well browned and an instant-read thermometer registers 150 degrees. about 1 1/2 hours. (Insert thermometer into meaty center of the crown, making sure that it does not touch any ribs. Take several readings to ensure that temperature is even all around.)\
{\listtext	.	}Remove roast from oven, transfer to a cutting board with a well, and let stand 20 minutes. Raise oven temperature to 425 degrees. Place dressing in oven, and bake until heated through, about 20 minutes. Pour the pan juices into a fat separator or glass measuring cup, and let stand 5 to 10 minutes. If using a separator, carefully pour juice back into pan; discard fat. If using a measuring cup, carefully remove fat with a spoon, and return juices to pan. Place roasting pan on top of stove over medium-high heat. Add wine, and bring to a boil. Using a wooden spoon, stir up any brown bits on the bottom of the pan. Boil until half of the liquid has evaporated, 5 to 7 minutes. Stir in apple cider and stock; season with salt and pepper, and return liquid to a boil. In a small bowl, combine butter with flour. Mix until completely combined. Transfer this mixture to the roasting pan. Whisk constantly until the gravy has slightly thickened, 4 to 5 minutes. Remove pan from heat, and strain liquid into a gravy boat. serving the roast\
{\listtext	.	}Carefully lift roast out of pan, and place it on a serving platter and carve.}