{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Dry Rubbed Rib Eye with Mushroom Sauce\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs32 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 1 serving\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs36 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Steak:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}2 generous pinches kosher salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 generous pinch brown sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}Small pinch cayenne pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 pinch garlic powder\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 bone-in rib eye steak\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/olive-oil/index.html"}}{\fldrslt Extra-virgin olive oil}}\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Mushroom Sauce:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 small shallot, minced\
{\listtext	\'95	}Kosher salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/garlic/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 clove garlic}}, smashed and finely chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}6 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cremini/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cremini mushrooms}}, stems removed, sliced\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/shot/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 shot}} brandy\
{\listtext	\'95	}3/4 cup veal demi-glaze\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 fresh {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sage/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 sage}} leaves, finely chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/chives/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 chives}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}Extra-virgin olive oil\
{\listtext	\'95	}Crispy Smashed Potatoes, recipe follows\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 serving Glazed Carrots, recipe follows\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 For the steak: Combine all the dry ingredients in a bowl. Use your fingers to make sure that all of the ingredients are evenly distributed. Rub the outside of each steak generously with the rub. Let sit for a few minutes.\
Preheat a saute pan or cast iron skillet over high heat.\
Lightly oil the steaks. Place the steaks in a very hot pan and get a good {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sear/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 sear}} on both sides. Cook for 6 to 7 minutes per side for medium-rare.\
Remove the steak from the pan and let rest in a warm spot for 7 to 8 minutes.\
For the mushroom sauce: Drain the fat from the pan. Add the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/shallot/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 shallots}} and bring the pan to a medium heat and season with salt. Cook the shallots for 3 to 4 minutes and add in the garlic. Cook the garlic and shallots together for 2 to 3 minutes.\
Add the mushrooms, season with salt, and stir to coat with oil. Cook the mushrooms until they look soft and wilted, 4 to 5 minutes.\
Add the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/brandy/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 brandy}} and cook until it has reduced by half.\
Add the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/veal/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 veal}} demi-glaze. Bring to a boil and reduce to a simmer and simmer for 4 to 5 minutes; the consistency should be almost as thick as {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/gravy/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 gravy}}. If it is still thin, let it {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/simmer/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 simmer}} for another couple of minutes until it does thicken.\
Check the consistency by coating a spoon with the sauce, turn the spoon over and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/draw/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 draw}} a line down the middle of the spoon with your finger. If your finger leaves a track down the spoon without moving, then it is ready! Taste and adjust the salt, if needed.\
Slice the steak on the bias across the grain leaving a few bites of meat on the bone. Serve slices and meat on the bone over Crispy Smashed Potatoes and top with mushroom sauce. Serve with Glazed Carrots on the side.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Crispy Smashed {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/potato/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 New Potatoes}}:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls3\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}3 red bliss or other new potatoes, cut into quarters\
{\listtext	\'95	}Kosher salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 clove garlic, smashed and finely chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}Pinch crushed red pepper\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Place the potatoes in a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/saucepan/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 saucepan}} filled with cold water. Salt the water. Bring the potatoes to a boil over medium-high heat. Cook until just tender, 8 to 10 minutes. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/drain/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Drain}} the potatoes.\
Heat the olive oil in a pan with high sides over high heat. Stir in the garlic and cook for 1 minute. Stir in the crushed {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/red-pepper/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 red pepper}}. Add the potatoes and saute until beginning to brown. Lightly smash the potatoes and flip them to brown the other side. Season with salt and keep warm.\
}