{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww22280\viewh20240\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Dry Rubbed Ribs with Vinegar BBQ Sauce
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\b \cf2 Serves: 
\b0 \cf0 6 to 8 servings\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs34 \cf0 For the dry rub: *Tip: This will make enough rub for more than the recipe; store the extra in an airtight container and save it for the next time!\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 \

\fs44 Ingredients\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Dry rub:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup pimenton\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/salt/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 kosher salt}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/celery-salt/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 celery salt}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup brown sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup granulated garlic\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cayenne-pepper/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cayenne pepper}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons whole {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cumin/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cumin}}, toasted and ground\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons whole {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/coriander/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 coriander}}, toasted and ground\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 teaspoons ground {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cinnamon/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cinnamon}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon dry mustard powder\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 racks pork {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/spareribs/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 spareribs}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 to 2 beers (plus more for drinking, if desired)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Vinegar BBQ sauce:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls3\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}2 cups apple {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cider-vinegar/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cider vinegar}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 cloves garlic, smashed and finely chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup tomato paste\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/creole-mustard/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Creole mustard}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup brown sugar\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Dry rub:\
Combine all of the ingredients in a small jar or bowl.\
Coat the ribs generously with the rub and refrigerate it for at least 12 hours. It will be better if refrigerated for 24 hours.\
Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F.\
Arrange the ribs on a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sheet-pan/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 sheet pan}}. Pour 1 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/beer/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 beer}} into the bottom of the pan and cover the pan with foil, trying not to have the foil touch the meat. Put the ribs in the preheated oven and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/roast/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 roast}} for 2 hours. Check the ribs after 1 hour and turn them over. Add more beer, if needed. Rotate the pan.\
After 2 hours, remove the foil and roast for 30 minutes more. Remove from the oven and cool.\
Sauce: (This can be done while the ribs are roasting.)\
Combine all of the ingredients in a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/saucepan/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 saucepan}} and bring to a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/boil/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 boil}} over medium heat. Reduce the heat and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/simmer/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 simmer}} for 15 minutes. The sauce will not be thick but it should be a homogeneous mixture and very well flavored. Turn off the heat and let cool.\
Cook's Note: This sauce can be made ahead and refrigerated until ready to use.\
To grill the ribs:\
Preheat the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/grill/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 grill}} to a medium-high heat.\
Arrange the ribs, meat side down, on the grill and grill until they start to get a little brown and charred, then brush with the sauce. Turn the ribs over, brush with the sauce and grill for 4 to 5 minutes. Brush with the sauce and again turn the ribs over. Grill for another 4 to 5 minutes. At this point the ribs should be nicely browned and really well flavored. Remove them from the grill to a cutting board. Cut the ribs apart and arrange on a serving platter. Serve with lots of napkins.\
}