{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww19440\viewh15680\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs58 \cf0 Grilled Filet Mignon with Chocolate Coffee BBQ Sauce\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs38 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 4 servings\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}4 (6-ounce) {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/filet-mignon/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 filet mignon}} steaks\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons olive oil\
{\listtext	\'95	}Salt and freshly ground black pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/canola-oil/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 canola oil}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 small or 1/2 large onion, small dice\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 large garlic cloves, minced\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/chili-powder/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 chili powder}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon ground cumin\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon ground {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/coriander/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 coriander}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon unsweetened {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cocoa-powder/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cocoa powder}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon smoked sweet paprika or regular sweet {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/paprika/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 paprika}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup plain tomato sauce\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup firmly packed brown sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup brewed coffee, dark roast\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup red wine {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/vinegar/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 vinegar}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup molasses\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon yellow {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/mustard/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 mustard}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 Preheat the grill to medium heat.\
Bring the steaks to room temperature, about 20 minutes. Rub the steaks with olive oil and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Set aside.\
In a medium-size {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/saucepan/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 saucepan}}, melt the butter and oil over medium heat. Add the onion and garlic and saut\'ef\'bf\'bd, stirring frequently, until softened but not browned, being careful not to burn the garlic. Add chili powder, cumin, coriander, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cinnamon/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cinnamon}}, cocoa and paprika and cook until fragrant, about 1 minute. Add the tomato sauce and brown sugar and cook, stirring until sugar is dissolved, about 2 minutes. Stir in the coffee, vinegar, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/worcestershire-sauce/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Worcestershire sauce}}, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/molasses/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 molasses}} and mustard. Simmer over medium-low heat until the liquid is reduced and the sauce has thickened, about 25 minutes.\
You may transfer to a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/blender/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 blender}} and process until smooth or leave it natural. Will keep, tightly covered, in refrigerator for up to1 month.\
Grill the steaks over medium heat until desired doneness. Arrange on serving plates and serve with bbq sauce either on top or on the side.\
}