{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 Fillet with Peppercorn Sauce\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs28 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 8 servings\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs38 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Steaks:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs36 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}8 whole beef fillets or other good steaks\
{\listtext	\'95	}Lemon pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}Seasoned salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}Freshly ground black pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}Melted butter\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs38 \cf0 Sauce:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs36 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}4 to 6 tablespoons tri-color peppercorns, crushed\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 tablespoons butter\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 beef bouillon cube\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 to 6 tablespoons Dijon mustard\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup brandy\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 to 2 cups heavy cream (can substitute half-and-half for some of the cream)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs38 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs36 \cf0 For the steaks: Sprinkle both sides of the steak with lemon pepper, seasoned salt and plenty of freshly ground black pepper. Grill for 2 to 3 minutes per side over high heat, and then a further 3 to 5 minutes over lower heat. Brush with melted butter as they cook.\
Meanwhile, make the sauce: Start by crushing the peppercorns with a rolling pin in a zip-top bag and set them aside.\
Next, heat a heavy ovenproof skillet over medium-high heat and melt the butter. Crumble in the beef bouillon cube. Whisk to combine. Then add the Dijon mustard to the skillet and whisk it around a bit. Pour in the brandy. Whisk the Dijon and brandy together until combined, and then let it bubble for about 45 seconds or so. Then pour in the heavy cream and the crushed peppercorns. Whisk it all together, allowing it to bubble for a few minutes to thicken. Spoon it over the grilled steaks.\
}