{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Flank Steak Fajitas\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs32 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 6 servings\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs36 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 For the chimichurri marinade:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 bunch fresh parsley, leaves only\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 bunch fresh cilantro, leaves only\
{\listtext	\'95	}5 cloves garlic\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 red onion, roughly chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 teaspoons hot paprika\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons sherry vinegar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup olive oil\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 pounds flank steak\
{\listtext	\'95	}12 (8-inch) flour tortillas\
{\listtext	\'95	}Drunken Peppers, recipe follows\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 To make the chimichurri: In a food processor, add parsley, cilantro, garlic, hot paprika, vinegar, 1/2 cup olive oil and salt and pepper and blend until smooth, Reserve half for drizzling on fajitas. Place remaining marinade in a resealable plastic bag and add steak. Coat well and marinate for at least 1 hour.\
Preheat grill to medium-high.\
Remove steak from marinade and discard marinade. Season steak with salt and pepper and grill over medium-high heat until cooked to medium-rare, about 6 minutes per side. Let steak rest for 10 minutes, loosely covered with aluminum foil, before slicing.\
Meanwhile, warm tortillas on the grill. Slice the steak on the bias into thin slices. To serve, place meat on each tortilla and top with Drunken Peppers. Drizzle chimichurri sauce over the filling and form into a loose fold.\
Drunken Peppers:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons olive oil\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 poblano peppers, seeded and cut into strips\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 green bell peppers, seeded and cut into strips\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 red bell peppers, seeded and cut into strips\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 jalapeno peppers, seeded and cut into strips\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 large onion, sliced\
{\listtext	\'95	}Salt and freshly ground black pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 bottle lager beer\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 In a large saute pan heat 2 tablespoons oil over medium-high heat. When shimmering, add peppers and onion. Season with salt and pepper and saute until softened and caramelized around the edges, about 6 to 8 minutes. Add beer and cover. Cook a few minutes more until the peppers and onion are tender.\

\fs36 Yield: 6 servings\
}