{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red61\green61\blue61;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10360\viewh15000\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri1000\sl500\sa80\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs50 \cf2 Good Eats Meatloaf\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs30 \cf2 Yield: 
\b0 6 to 8 servings\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\fs24 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs50 \cf2 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl420\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs40 \cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}6 ounces garlic-flavored croutons\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon ground black pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon cayenne pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon chili powder\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon dried thyme\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 onion, roughly chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 carrot, peeled and broken\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 whole cloves garlic\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 red bell pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}18 ounces ground chuck\
{\listtext	\'95	}18 ounces ground sirloin\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 egg\
{\listtext	\'95	}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\sa80\ql\qnatural

\b \cf2 For the glaze:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl420\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\b0 \cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup catsup\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon ground cumin\
{\listtext	\'95	}Dash Worcestershire sauce\
{\listtext	\'95	}Dash hot pepper sauce\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon honey\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs50 \cf2 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa180\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs40 \cf2 Heat oven to 325 degrees F.\
\
In a food processor bowl, combine croutons, black pepper, cayenne pepper, chili powder, and thyme. Pulse until the mixture is of a fine texture. Place this mixture into a large bowl. Combine the onion, carrot, garlic, and red pepper in the food processor bowl. Pulse until the mixture is finely chopped, but not pureed. Combine the vegetable mixture, ground sirloin, and ground chuck with the bread crumb mixture. Season the meat mixture with the kosher salt. Add the egg and combine thoroughly, but avoid squeezing the meat.\
\
Pack this mixture into a 10-inch loaf pan to mold the shape of the meatloaf. Onto a parchment paper-lined baking sheet, turn the meatloaf out of the pan onto the center of the tray. Insert a temperature probe at a 45 degree angle into the top of the meatloaf. Avoid touching the bottom of the tray with the probe. Set the probe for 155 degrees.\
\
Combine the catsup, cumin, Worcestershire sauce, hot pepper sauce and honey. Brush the glaze onto the meatloaf after it has been cooking for about 10 minutes}