{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Grilled Sirloin Steaks with Pepper and Caper Salsa\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs32 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 4 to 6 servings\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs36 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Salsa:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}2 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/red-bell-pepper/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 red bell peppers}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/bell-pepper/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 yellow bell peppers}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon water\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 tablespoons {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/olive-oil/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 extra-virgin olive oil}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 tablespoons {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/balsamic-vinegar/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 balsamic vinegar}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup capers, rinsed and drained\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 tablespoons chopped fresh {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/parsley/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 flat-leaf parsley}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Steaks:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}4 (8-ounce) boneless sirloin steaks, about 1-inch thick\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 teaspoons smoked salt or kosher salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 teaspoons herbs de Provence\
{\listtext	\'95	}Olive oil, for drizzling\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 Salsa: Put a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/grill-pan/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 grill pan}} over medium-high heat or preheat a gas or charcoal grill. Grill the peppers on all sides until charred, about 10 minutes. Put them in a bowl with 1 tablespoon water. Cover the bowl with a lid or {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/plastic-wrap/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 plastic wrap}} for 30 minutes. Remove the charred skin, core and seeds from the peppers. Cut the flesh into 1/4-inch thick strips and put them in a small bowl. In a separate bowl whisk together the olive oil, balsamic vinegar, capers, and parsley until smooth. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Pour the mixture over the peppers and toss until coated. Refrigerate for at least 2 hours, (can be made 1 day in advance).\
Steaks: Put a grill pan over medium-high heat or preheat a gas or charcoal grill. Season the steaks on both sides with the smoked salt and herbs de Provence. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/drizzle/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Drizzle}} with olive oil and grill for 4 to 6 minutes each side for medium-rare. Remove the steaks from the grill pan to a cutting board and let sit for 5 minutes before serving.\
Thinly slice the steaks and arrange on serving plates. Top with the salsa and serve.\
}