{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12820\viewh16560\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl500\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 Black Pepper Crusted Steak Sandwiches with Aged Cheddar, Horseradish Mayonnaise and Watercress
\f1\b0\fs28 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260\ql\qnatural

\b \cf2 Serves: 
\b0 \cf0 4 servings\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl420\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 (1-pound) {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/beef/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 beef}} tenderloin\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl420\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/canola-oil/index.html"}}{\fldrslt Canola oil}}\cf0 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/salt/index.html"}}{\fldrslt Kosher salt}}\cf0 \
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons coarsely ground fresh black pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 croissants, halved and toasted\
{\listtext	\'95	}8 slices aged {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cheddar/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Cheddar}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}Horseradish Mayonnaise, recipe follows\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 bunch {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/watercress/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 watercress}}, washed and dried\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 Heat grill to high. Rub meat with oil and season with salt and the black pepper. Grill on both sides until slightly charred and cooked to medium-rare doneness, about 4 minutes per side. Remove from the grill and let rest 5 minutes. Slice into 1/4-inch thick slices.\
\
Lay toasted {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/croissant/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 croissant}} halves on a flat surface and top each half with a slice of the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cheese/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cheese}}. Divide the steak among 4 of the slices and combine halves make 4 sandwiches. Wrap each sandwich in foil, place on the grill and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/grill/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 grill}} for 1 minute on each side. Remove from the grill and foil, lift 1 slice of the bread from each sandwich, and spread with a few tablespoons of {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/horseradish/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Horseradish}} Mayonnaise. Top with a few sprigs of watercress and serve.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Horseradish {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/mayonnaise/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Mayonnaise}}:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl420\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup prepared mayonnaise\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon whole grain {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/mustard/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 mustard}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons prepared horseradish, drained\
{\listtext	\'95	}Salt\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa140\ql\qnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/whisk/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Whisk}} together all ingredients in a small bowl. Season, to taste, with salt. Cover and refrigerate for at least 30 minutes before using.\
}