{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red61\green63\blue63;\red71\green155\blue220;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16740\viewh20440\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa120\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs52 \cf2 Homemade Corned Beef with Vegetables
\b\fs38 \cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa160\ql\qnatural

\fs36 \cf3 INGREDIENTS\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf2 Serves 8.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b \cf2 		FOR THE BRINE
\b0 \
		2 quarts water\
		1 cup coarse salt\
		1 tablespoon pink curing salt\
		1/2 cup sugar\
		1 teaspoon coriander seeds, crushed\
		1 teaspoon mustard seeds, crushed\
		1 teaspoon black peppercorns, crushed\
		1 cinnamon stick, crushed\
		4 dried bay leaves, crushed\
		8 whole cloves\
\ls1\ilvl0
\b 		FOR THE CORNED BEEF
\b0 \
		5 pounds flat-cut beef brisket\
		1 medium onion, halved\
		1 medium celery stalk, halved\
		1 medium carrot, peeled, halved\
		1 pound baby turnips, peeled, trimmed\
		1 pound baby carrots, peeled, trimmed\
		1 medium head cabbage, cut into 8 wedges\
		1 pound small red potatoes\
		Dijon mustard, for serving\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
\cf2 	
\b \cf3 \
DIRECTIONS\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\b0 \cf2 		Make the brine: Bring water to a boil in a large pot. Add salts, sugar, and spices; remove from heat, and stir until salts and sugar dissolve. Let cool.\
		Make the corned beef: Place brisket in a nonreactive container just large enough to hold it. Pour cooled brine over meat. Place 2 small plates on top to keep meat submerged; cover, and refrigerate for 2 weeks.\
\
		Rinse brisket; discard brine. Place in a large pot. Add enough water to cover by 2 inches. Add onion, celery, and halved carrot, and bring to a boil. Reduce heat, cover, and simmer until very tender, 3 to 3 1/2 hours.\
		Set a steamer in a large saucepan. Add enough water to reach the bottom, and bring to a boil. Add turnips. Reduce heat, cover, and steam until tender, 8 to 10 minutes. Transfer to a bowl. Repeat with baby carrots, steaming 10 to 12 minutes. Add to turnips.\
		Transfer corned beef to a cutting board. Tent with foil, and let rest for 30 minutes. Discard remaining solids from broth, then bring to a boil. Add cabbage and potatoes, and simmer until tender, about 25 minutes. Add turnips and carrots, and cook until warmed through. Transfer vegetables to a platter; reserve broth.\
		Trim excess fat from beef. Slice thinly against grain, and transfer to platter. Serve with broth and mustard.}