{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red62\green62\blue62;\red77\green74\blue66;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww19040\viewh18800\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl520\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs60 \cf2 Meatball Sandwiches
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs40 \cf0 Serves 6 to 8\

\fs38 \cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa360\ql\qnatural

\b\fs46 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl360\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 large egg\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon dried Italian herbs or dried oregano\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/8 to 1/4 teaspoon ground cayenne pepper, optional\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 teaspoon garlic powder\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup finely chopped onion\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 pounds lean ground beef\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup Italian seasoned bread crumbs\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup grated Parmesan cheese\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 large can (16 ounces) tomato sauce\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons red wine\
{\listtext	\'95	}6 to 8 sandwich rolls, split and warmed\
{\listtext	\'95	}mozzarella cheese\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa360\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf0 In mixing bowl, beat egg with salt, Italian herbs, ground red pepper and garlic powder. Add chopped onion, lean ground beef, bread crumbs and Parmesan cheese; mix well. Shape the beef mixture into 1-inch balls; brown in a large nonstick skillet, turning frequently. Drain meatballs and transfer to a 5- to 6-quart crockpot. Combine tomato sauce and red wine; pour over meatballs. Cover and cook on LOW for 5 1/2 to 6 1/2 hours. To serve, place 3 to 4 meatballs in a split roll then top with some sauce from the crockpot. If desired, top with sliced or shredded mozzarella cheese and heat under the broiler just until cheese is melted. \
}