{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs54 \cf0 New York Steak with Roasted Garlic and Ancho Butter\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs34 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 4 servings\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs38 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs46 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 whole head garlic\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 sticks {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/butter/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 unsalted butter}}, softened\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 ancho chiles, stemmed, seeded, deveined and ground, or 2 tablespoons store-bought {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/ancho-chile/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 ancho chile}} powder\
{\listtext	\'95	}Salt and freshly ground black pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 (8 to 10-ounce) New York steaks\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/olive-oil/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 olive oil}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs46 \cf0 Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.\
Wrap the head of garlic with aluminum foil and roast for 40 minutes. Remove from the oven and let cool enough to handle.\
Squeeze the garlic from its papery skins into a small glass bowl and combine together with the butter and ancho powder, mixing well. Season with salt and pepper. Place a piece of {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/plastic-wrap/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 plastic wrap}} on a work surface, spoon the butter into the middle and roll into a cylinder. Refrigerate until firm, about 1 hour.\
Prepare a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/barbecue/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 barbecue}} to medium-high heat. Brush the steaks with olive oil and sprinkle with salt and freshly ground black pepper. Grill the steaks to desired doneness, about 6 minutes per side for medium doneness. Transfer to a platter and tent with foil to keep warm. To serve the steaks, top each with a pat of roasted {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/garlic-butter/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 garlic butter}}.\
Cook's Note: The {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/compound-butter/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 compound butter}} can be made ahead and will keep in the refrigerator for up to a week.}