{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red84\green84\blue84;\red51\green51\blue51;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl520\sa80\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Prime Rib-Eye Steaks with Mustard Parmesan Crust
\fs26 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\fs32 \cf2 Yield:  \cf0 6 servings\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\ql\qnatural

\fs42 \cf0 INGREDIENTS
\fs48 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0\fs44 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}20 cloves garlic, peeled\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup olive oil\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 tablespoons roughly chopped fresh thyme leaves\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 tablespoons Dijon mustard\
{\listtext	\'95	}Salt and freshly ground black pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 cups fresh, finely grated Parmesan\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}3 thick rib-eye steaks (about 2 to 2 1/2 inches thick )\
{\listtext	\'95	}Grey salt and fresh ground black pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}Olive oil, for drizzling
\b\fs48 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\ql\qnatural

\fs42 \cf0 DIRECTIONS
\fs48 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa160\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs44 \cf3 In a preheated saute pan over medium-low heat, pan roast the garlic in olive oil, tossing only once. Allow to brown for about 5 to 10 minutes. Drain the cloves through a strainer. Allow to cool before mashing roughly with fork. Add thyme to garlic paste and mash that in as well. When they are pasty but still chunky, mix in the Dijon mustard. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper. \uc0\u8232 \u8232 Preheat oven to 450 degrees F. Preheat a grill, or stovetop grill pan, to high. \u8232 \u8232 Pound the salt and pepper into the steaks to cover well. Drizzle steaks on both sides with olive oil. Place meat on grill to brown, about 5 minutes each side. \u8232 \u8232 Remove steaks from grill and place on a large baking sheet. Cover top generously with garlic-mustard coating. Top with large piles of Parmesan, spreading out to edges carefully with fingers. Place steaks in oven for 8 or 9 minutes. \u8232 \u8232 Pull steaks from oven and allow to rest for a few minutes before slicing.\
}