{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red61\green61\blue61;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16800\viewh17540\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri1000\sl500\sa80\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs42 \cf2 Red Wine Marinated Flank Steak\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs28 \cf2 Yield: 
\b0 4 to 6 servings\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs42 \cf2 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl420\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs38 \cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}4 shallots, coarsely chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup dry red wine, such as Cabernet\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup olive oil\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 pounds flank steak\
{\listtext	\'95	}Salt and pepper
\f0\b\fs44 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa140\ql\qnatural

\fs42 \cf2 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs38 \cf2 Whisk together shallots, wine and olive oil in a large baking dish. Add the steak and turn to coat. Cover and refrigerate for at least 4 hours or overnight.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa180\ql\qnatural
\cf2 Heat grill to high.\
Brush the outside of the steak with oil and season with salt and pepper. Grill the steak over high heat until browned all over, 8 to 10 minutes.  Move the meat away from the direct heat and grill for 15 to 20 minutes, or until an instant-read thermometer registers 125 degrees F for medium-rare. Remove from the grill and let rest 5 minutes before slicing. Slice against the grain into 1/2-inch thick slices and drizzle with the Cabernet-Shallot Reduction.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs42 \cf2 Cabernet-Shallot Reduction:\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa180\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs38 \cf2 2 teaspoons olive oil\
3 shallots, finely chopped\
1 bottle Cabernet wine\
1 teaspoon black peppercorns\
Salt\
1 tablespoon honey\
Heat oil in a large saucepan on the grates of the grill over high heat. Add the shallots and cook until soft. Add the wine and peppercorns, bring to a boil and cook until thickened and reduced to 1 cup. Strain the mixture into a bowl and season with salt, to taste, and honey.}