{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs54 \cf0 Sliced Sirloin Steak
\fs56 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs36 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 4 servings
\fs38 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs46 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs44 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 (1 1/2-pound) {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sirloin/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 sirloin steak}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/vegetable-oils/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 vegetable oil}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}Poblano Pesto, recipe follows\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs46 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs44 \cf0 Season the steak liberally with salt and pepper, and allow to sit at room temperature for 15 to 30 minutes. Meanwhile, heat a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/grill-pan/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 grill pan}} over medium-high heat. Brush the steak with vegetable oil and cook on grill pan, undisturbed for 3 minutes. Flip the steak over and cook until the steak is 130 degrees F for medium rare, about 3 minutes more. Remove to a cutting board, and allow to rest a full 5 minutes before slicing. Cut the steak with a sharp knife against the grain into thin slices. Fan slices out onto a serving platter and top with the Poblano Pesto.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs46 \cf0 Poblano Pesto:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs44 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}2 poblano peppers\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup grated Parmesan\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup fresh cilantro leaves, roughly chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/garlic/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cloves garlic}}, coarsely chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/chili-powder/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 chili powder}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup vegetable oil\
{\listtext	\'95	}\
{\listtext	\'95	}Kosher salt\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Char the poblano peppers on top of a gas burner, on a grill, or under the broiler) until all of the sides are blackened. Place in a bowl covered tightly with {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/plastic-wrap/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 plastic wrap}}, allowing the steam to help loosen the skin. With your fingers or a spoon, scrape and discard the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/blackened/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 blackened}} skin then remove the seeds and core. Coarsely chop the poblanos, and place into a mini {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/food-processor/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 food processor}}. Add the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/parmesan/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Parmesan}}, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cilantro/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cilantro}}, garlic, chili powder and oil and process until well combined, but not totally smooth. Taste and season with salt.\
}