{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red84\green84\blue84;\red51\green51\blue51;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa160\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs66 \cf0 Spiced Beef Stir-Fry Topped with Spring Onion and Coriander\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs36 \cf2 Yield:  \cf0 2 servings
\b\fs40 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0 \cf0 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs48 Wasabi Mayo\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 tablespoon wasabi powder or creamed horseradish\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 teaspoons water\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 tablespoons mayonnaise\
{\listtext	\'95	}Pinch caster sugar (superfine)\
Spicy Coating\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons freshly ground cumin\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons dried chile flakes\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon sea salt\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 Beef Stir-Fry\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 pound beef fillet (tenderloin)\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons groundnut oil\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon Shaohsing rice wine or dry sherry\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon light soy sauce\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 pinch sea salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 large handful fresh cilantro leaves and stalks, roughly chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 spring onion, finely sliced\
{\listtext	\'95	}Serving suggestion: Wheat flour pancakes, flatbreads or tortillas, for serving\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa340\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 NOTES\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf3 There is a large population of Muslim Chinese in Beijing. They came from western China and brought with them a unique cuisine that call for the use of spices such as cumin and fennel, which found their way to China along the Silk route. Lamb and mutton are the preferred choice of meat of the Muslim Chinese but you can use any red meat you prefer. The spices in the dish are distinct and extremely flavourful, but the creme de la creme is the addition of lots of chopped spring onion and coriander (cilantro) to complement the meat. Who said that tasty dishes need be complicated?\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\ql\qnatural

\b\fs52 \cf0 DIRECTIONS\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa160\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs48 \cf3 To make the mayo: In a small bowl, mix the wasabi powder with 1 teaspoon water to make a paste. Mix the wasabi paste, remaining water and mayonnaise together. Season with some sugar, and set aside. Cook's Note: You will not need the water if using creamed horseradish.* \uc0\u8232 \u8232 To make the spicy coating: Mix all the ground cumin, dried chile flakes, black pepper, and salt, on a plate. \u8232 \u8232 To make the beef: Prepare the fillet by hammering it with a meat mallet, or the side of a Chinese cleaver. Slice the beef into wafer-thin slices, and coat the pieces in the spice mix. \u8232 \u8232 Heat a wok or pan over high heat and add the groundnut oil. Add the beef and stir-fry for less than 1 minute until browned and tender. As the beef starts to cook, pour in the rice wine or sherry, and season with the soy sauce, and a pinch of salt. Remove the wok from the heat and stir in the cilantro, and spring onions. Serve immediately. You can serve the spiced beef in steamed thin wheat flour pancakes, stuffed into warmed flatbreads or rolled in warmed tortilla wraps topped with plenty of wasabi mayo.\
}