{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs54 \cf0 Spicy Sausage Meatballs with Italian Barbecue Sauce\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs34 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 4 servings\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs38 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs46 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs44 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, plus some for drizzling\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 red bell pepper, finely chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 large onion, chopped and divided\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 ribs celery, chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup shredded carrots\
{\listtext	\'95	}Salt and pepper, for seasoning, plus coarse black pepper for finishing sauce\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 pound ground beef\
{\listtext	\'95	}3/4 pound bulk hot sausage\
{\listtext	\'95	}3/4 pound ground sweet sausage\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 egg\
{\listtext	\'95	}3/4 cup bread crumbs, 3 generous handfuls, Italian or plain\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup grated Parmigiano or Romano, a couple of handfuls\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/8 pound pancetta, 4 slices, chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 cloves garlic, chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}Splash red wine\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup beef stock\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 can petite diced tomatoes or stewed tomatoes\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 teaspoons hot sauce\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs46 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs44 \cf0 Preheat oven to 425 degrees F.\
Heat a small skillet over medium heat with 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil. When the oil is hot, saute the red pepper, half the onions, celery and carrots together, 5 minutes, season with salt and pepper then remove to a plate to cool.\
Mix ground beef and sausages with egg, bread crumbs, cheese, and cooled vegetables. Form large meatballs  then drizzle with extra-virgin olive oil. Place in the oven on a cookie sheet and bake 17 to 18 minutes, until cooked through.\
Heat a medium sauce pot over medium high heat. Add a drizzle of EVOO to the pan and the pancetta. Let the pancetta crisp up a bit and render fat, then add onions and garlic and cook until tender, 8 to 10 minutes. Add a splash of red wine to deglaze the pan. Stir in the beef stock and tomatoes and season sauce heavily with coarse black pepper. Add Worcestershire and hot sauce and reduce heat to warm.\
Serve meatballs with Italian barbecue sauce on top.\
}