{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11820\viewh15480\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl500\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs56 \cf0 Standing Rib Roast
\f1\b0\fs36 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260\ql\qnatural

\b \cf2 Serves: 
\b0 \cf0 8 servings\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs42 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl420\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs40 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon cayenne pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 bunch rosemary, leaves finely chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 cloves garlic, smashed and finely chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}Extra-virgin olive oil\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 (8 to 8 1/2-pound) bone-in standing rib roast\
{\listtext	\'95	}Kosher salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 onion, cut into 1/2-inch dice\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 pound baby carrots, tops trimmed\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 ribs celery, cut into 1/2-inch dice\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 pound cremini mushrooms, stems removed and quartered\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup red wine\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 cups rich chicken stock\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 bay leaves\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs42 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs40 \cf0 Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F.\
\
In a small bowl combine the cayenne, rosemary, and garlic. Add enough olive oil until it becomes a loose paste. Schmear the roast with the rosemary-garlic paste and really massage it into the meat. Season generously with kosher salt.\
\
Put the onions, baby carrots, celery and mushrooms in the bottom of a roasting pan. Toss with a little olive oil and salt, to taste. Add the wine, 1 cup of chicken stock and the bay leaves. Put the roast on top of the veggies and put into the preheated oven until the roast is really brown and lovely, about 25 to 30 minutes. Reduce the heat to 350 degrees F for another 1 3/4 to 2 hours. Occasionally during the cooking time, spoon some of the juices over the meat. If the liquid level in the pan goes down too much, add the remaining 1 cup of stock. It also would be a great idea to rotate the roasting pan about halfway through the cooking process.\
\
Check the temperature of the meat by inserting an instant-read thermometer into the center of the roast. For medium-rare it should be 125 degrees F and 130 for medium. Remove the roast from the oven to a cutting board and let it rest for 15 to 20 minutes before carving.\
\
Taste the veggies in the pan juices and season with salt, to taste, if needed. Skim off any excess fat.\
Slice the roast and arrange on a serving platter. Serve with the veggies and the pan juices.\
}