{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Tangerine Beef with Scallions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs32 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 4 servings\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs36 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 pounds beef tri-tip steak, trimmed of excess fat\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/tangerine/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 tangerine}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 scallions, sliced, plus more for {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/garnish/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 garnish}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/soy-sauce/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 soy sauce}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons toasted {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sesame-oil/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 sesame oil}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 teaspoons {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sugar/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 sugar}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons chopped peeled ginger\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/garlic/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cloves garlic}}, minced\
{\listtext	\'95	}Pinch of {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/red-pepper-flakes/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 red pepper flakes}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons orange preserves\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 Pierce the steak with a fork several times on each side. Remove a 2-inch strip of zest from the tangerine, halve the fruit and squeeze the juice into a resealable plastic bag. Add the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/zest/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 zest}}, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/scallion/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 scallions}}, soy sauce, sesame oil, sugar, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/ginger/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 ginger}}, garlic, pepper flakes and 1/4 cup water to the bag and mix well. Add the meat, seal the bag and turn to coat. Refrigerate overnight.\
Preheat the broiler with a broiler pan in place. Remove the steak from the bag and reserve the marinade. Pat the meat dry and place on the preheated broiler pan. Cook, without turning, until the meat is golden brown and a thermometer inserted in the thickest part registers 130 for medium-rare, about 10 minutes. Let rest 5 to 10 minutes before slicing; reserve the drippings.\
Meanwhile, boil the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/marinade/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 marinade}} in a small pot over medium-high heat until slightly thickened. Stir in the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/orange/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 orange}} preserves and the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/drippings/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 drippings}} from the meat. Slice the meat against the grain and top with scallions. Serve with the sauce.}