{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red239\green23\blue58;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11320\viewh12380\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl600\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs64 \cf0 Bittersweet Chocolate Mousse I
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f1\b\fs32 \cf0 SERVINGS:  
\b0 8\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl300\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs48 \cf0 {\listtext	.	}
\b0 9 ounces bittersweet chocolate, finely chopped\
{\listtext	.	}4 1/2 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into small cubes\
{\listtext	.	}2 tablespoons strong-brewed espresso\
{\listtext	.	}6 large eggs, separated\
{\listtext	.	}2 tablespoons sugar\
{\listtext	.	}2 cups heavy cream, chilled\
{\listtext	.	}Bittersweet chocolate shavings, for garnish\
\ls1\ilvl0
\b \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl420\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f0\b0\fs50 \cf0 {\listtext	1.	}In the top of a double boiler, combine the chocolate, butter and espresso and cook over simmering water over moderately low heat, stirring, until the chocolate is melted. Remove the top of the double boiler and let cool to 75\'b0 on an instant-read thermometer. Beat in the egg yolks until incorporated.
\b \
\ls2\ilvl0
\b0 {\listtext	2.	}In a large bowl, beat the egg whites at medium-high speed until very soft peaks form. Gradually add the sugar and beat until the whites are slightly firm and glossy.
\b \
\ls2\ilvl0
\b0 {\listtext	3.	}In another bowl, beat the cream until firm. Gently fold half of the whipped cream into the chocolate mixture, then fold in half of the beaten whites until no streaks remain. Repeat with the remaining whites and whipped cream.
\b \
\ls2\ilvl0
\b0 {\listtext	4.	}Spoon the chocolate mousse into glasses or bowls and refrigerate until chilled, at least 3 hours. Garnish with chocolate shavings and serve chilled.
\b \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs42 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd4\expndtw20
MAKE AHEAD
\f0\b0\fs50 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0  The mousse can be refrigerated for up to 2 days.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl200\ql\qnatural

\f1\b\fs42 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd4\expndtw20
SUGGESTED PAIRING\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs46 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 A fruity Cabernet blend is Alexis Swanson Traina's favorite complement to this luxurious chocolate mousse\'97its able to stand up to the mousse's potent chocolate, rich cream and bitter espresso flavors. For an alternative, pour a sweet red dessert wine or Port.
\fs42 \
\
}