{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;\red6\green124\blue174;\red61\green61\blue61;
}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Buttermilk Panna Cotta\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs32 \cf2 Serves
\b0 \cf0 :   8 servings\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs36 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs50 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs48 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 (.25-ounce) envelope unflavored gelatin\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup half-and-half\
{\listtext	\'95	}3/4 cup sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/vanilla/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 vanilla beans}}, split and scraped\
{\listtext	\'95	}Pinch kosher salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 cups buttermilk, at room temperature\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs50 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs48 \cf0 Sprinkle the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/gelatin/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 gelatin}} over 2 tablespoons of water in a small bowl and let stand for 5 minutes.\
Meanwhile, in a medium {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/saucepan/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 saucepan}} over medium-low heat, combine the half-and-half, sugar, vanilla pods, vanilla seeds and pinch of salt. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/simmer/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Simmer}} for 5 minutes, stirring frequently to dissolve the sugar and avoid scorching the milk. Reduce the heat and add the gelatin and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/buttermilk/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 buttermilk}}. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/strain/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Strain}} through a fine {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sieve/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 sieve}}, removing the vanilla pods and any milk solids.\
Pour mixture into 8 small ramekins and let cool to room temperature, about 45 minutes. Transfer to fridge and chill for 3 hours. To serve, briefly dip the bottoms of the ramekins in warm water and invert onto dessert plates.\
BYOC: Top with your favorite fresh berries when in season. If you have the time, try and make a creamy {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/caramel/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 caramel}} sauce. Be creative and swipe the plate in a creative pattern. \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl460\sa180\ql\qnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/caramel/index.html"}}{\fldrslt 
\b\fs46 \cf3 Caramel}}
\b\fs46 \cf4  Sauce:
\b0 \
3/4 cup sugar\
2 tablespoons water\
1/2 teaspoon fresh lemon juice\
1/2 cup heavy cream\
2 tablespoons to 1/4 cup whole milk\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs56 \cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl460\sa180\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs46 \cf4 Combine the sugar, water, and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/lemon/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 lemon juice}} in a medium heavy {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/saucepan/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 saucepan}} and cook, stirring, over medium-high heat until the sugar dissolves. Let boil without stirring until the mixture becomes a deep amber color, 2 to 3 minutes, watching closely so it doesn't burn. Carefully add the cream (it may splatter), whisk to combine, and remove from the heat. Add the milk, 2 tablespoons at a time, until the desired consistency is reached.\
Remove from the heat and let cool to room temperature before serving. (The sauce will thicken as it cools.)\
Yield: a generous 3/4 cup}