{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Chocolate Bread Pudding with Rum Toffee Sauce\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs32 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 8 to 10 servings\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs36 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 loaf Hawaiian bread, cut into 1-inch cubes\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 cups heavy whipping cream, divided\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 cups whole milk\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup sugar, plus 2 tablespoons, divided\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 stick butter, melted\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 large eggs\
{\listtext	\'95	}8 (1-ounce) squares semisweet chocolate, finely chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup chopped pecans\
{\listtext	\'95	}Rum Toffee Sauce, recipe follows\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Lightly grease a 13 by 9-inch baking dish.\
Add the bread cubes to a large bowl.\
In a medium bowl, whisk together 1 1/2 cups of the cream, the milk, 1 cup sugar, butter, and eggs. Add the cream mixture to the bread cubes, stirring to combine. Let stand for 15 minutes. Stir in the chocolate and pecans. Spoon the mixture into the prepared baking dish. Drizzle with remaining 1/2 cup cream and sprinkle with remaining 2 tablespoons sugar. Bake until the center is set, about 1 hour. Serve with Rum Toffee Sauce.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Rum Toffee Sauce:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}2 cups firmly packed brown sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 sticks butter\
{\listtext	\'95	}3/4 cup heavy whipping cream\
{\listtext	\'95	}3/4 cup dark rum\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon vanilla extract\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 In a medium saucepan, combine the brown sugar and butter. Bring to a boil over medium heat. Reduce the heat, stir in the cream and rum and simmer for 4 minutes. Remove from heat, and stir in vanilla. Let cool. The sauce can be stored, covered, in the refrigerator for up to 2 weeks.\
Yield: about 3 cups}