{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red84\green84\blue84;\red51\green51\blue51;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16120\viewh18240\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl520\sa80\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs58 \cf0 Chocolate Croissant Bread Pudding with Bourbon Ice Cream Sauce\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\fs32 \cf2 Yield:  \cf0 6 servings\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\fs26 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\ql\qnatural

\fs44 \cf0 INGREDIENTS
\fs48 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0\fs44 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 stick unsalted butter\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 teaspoons ground cinnamon\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon vanilla extract\
{\listtext	\'95	}5 large eggs, lightly beaten\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}2 1/2 cups heavy cream\
{\listtext	\'95	}12 croissants\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup raisins\
{\listtext	\'95	}3/4 cup bittersweet chocolate, roughly chopped small\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 DIRECTIONS
\fs48 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa160\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs44 \cf3 Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. \uc0\u8232 \u8232 In a food processor, combine butter and sugar process until well blended. Add cinnamon, and vanilla, and pulse to combine. \u8232 \u8232 While the processor is running crack 5 eggs into the mixture. Turn off the mixer and scrape down the sides. Add the heavy cream and pulse to combine. \u8232 \u8232 Lightly butter a 9 by 13-inch baking dish. Break up the croissants into 1-inch pieces and layer in the pan. Scatter the raisins and shaved bittersweet chocolate over the top, and gently mix to incorporate. Pour the egg mixture over the croissants; soak for 8 to 10 minutes. You will need to push croissants pieces down during this time to ensure even coverage by egg mixture. \u8232 \u8232 Cover with foil and bake for 35minutes. Remove foil and bake for additional 10 minutes to brown the top. The croissant bread pudding is done when the custard is set, but still soft. Allow to cool.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl520\sa80\ql\qnatural

\b\fs60 \cf0 Bourbon Ice Cream Sauce\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\ql\qnatural

\fs46 \cf0 INGREDIENTS\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls3\ilvl0
\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}3 cups vanilla ice cream\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 ounces bourbon\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\ql\qnatural

\b\fs46 \cf0 DIRECTIONS\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa160\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs42 \cf3 Place ice cream in refrigerator the day before the party. \uc0\u8232 \u8232 At service, stir in bourbon and serve with bread pudding or another dessert like vanilla or chocolate cake.\
\
}