{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Chocolate Bread Pudding\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs32 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 8 to 10 servings\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs36 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}2 large whole eggs\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 egg yolks\
{\listtext	\'95	}3/4 cup sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup hot chocolate mix\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 cups half-and-half\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup whole milk\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 ounces {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/espresso/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 espresso}}, slightly cooled\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/extracts/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 vanilla extract}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/butter/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 unsalted butter}}, melted and divided\
{\listtext	\'95	}18 ounces stale {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/challah/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 challah}} bread, cut into 1-inch cubes\
{\listtext	\'95	}6 ounces bittersweet chocolate, broken into 1/2-inch pieces\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 Place the eggs and yolks in the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/carafe/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 carafe}} of a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/blender/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 blender}} and combine on the lowest speed for 30 seconds. Slowly add the sugar over 30 seconds, and then add the hot {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/chocolate/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 chocolate}} mix and blend until incorporated, about 30 seconds. Add the half-and-half, milk, espresso and vanilla and blend until well combined, about 30 seconds.\
Butter a 9 by 13-inch metal pan with 1 tablespoon of the butter and place the cubed bread in the pan. Spread the chocolate on top of the bread and slowly pour in the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/custard/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 custard}}. Press down on the mixture with a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/spatula/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 spatula}} or the back of a spoon to thoroughly saturate. Cover and set aside at room temperature for 2 hours, or refrigerate for up to 8 hours.\
Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F.\
Bake until the internal temperature reaches at least 170 degrees F, about 45 minutes. Set the oven to the high broil setting with the oven door ajar. Remove the bread pudding from the oven. Pour the remaining melted butter into a spray bottle and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/spritz/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 spritz}} the top of the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/bread-pudding/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 bread pudding}}. Return to the middle rack and broil for 4 to 5 minutes. Remove to a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cooling-rack/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cooling rack}} for 15 minutes before serving.\
}