{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Apple-Chancery;\f1\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;\red0\green0\blue128;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13820\viewh18400\viewkind0
\deftab1134
\pard\pardeftab1134\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\i\fs58 \cf0 Chocolate Orange Mousse\
\pard\pardeftab1134\sl240\ql\qnatural

\fs34 \cf2 Serves: \cf0 6 to 8 servings\
\
\pard\pardeftab1134\sl320\ql\qnatural

\fs50 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\pardeftab1134\ql\qnatural

\fs46 \cf0    6     ounces good semisweet chocolate, chopped\
   2     ounces good bittersweet chocolate, chopped
\f1\i0\fs34 \

\f0\i\fs46    \'bc    cup orange liqueur (recommended: Grand Marnier)\
   \'bc    cup water
\f1\i0\fs34 \

\f0\i\fs46    1     teaspoon pure vanilla extract
\f1\i0\fs34 \

\f0\i\fs46    1     teaspoon grated orange zest
\f1\i0\fs34 \

\f0\i\fs46    1\'bd  sticks unsalted butter, at room 
\f1\i0\fs34 \

\f0\i\fs46    8     extra-large eggs, at room temperature, separated\
   \'bd    cup plus 2 tablespoons sugar
\f1\i0\fs34 \

\f0\i\fs46    \'bd    cup cold heavy cream
\f1\i0\fs34 \
\pard\pardeftab1134\ql\qnatural

\f0\i \cf0              
\fs46 pinch kosher salt
\fs34 \
            
\fs46 Whipped Cream, recipe follows (optional)
\fs34 \
\pard\pardeftab1134\ql\qnatural

\fs46 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab1134\sl320\ql\qnatural

\fs50 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab1134\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Combine the 2 chocolates, orange liqueur\cf2  , 1/4 cup water, and the vanilla in a heat-proof bowl. Set it over a pan of simmering water just until the chocolate melts. Cool completely to room temperature. Whisk in the orange zest and butter until combined.
\fs34 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab1134\ql\qnatural

\fs50 \cf0 Place the egg yolks and 1/2 cup of the sugar in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment. Beat on high speed for 4 minutes, or until very thick and pale yellow. With the mixer on low speed, add the chocolate\cf2   mixture. Transfer to a large bowl.
\fs34 \cf0 \

\fs50 Place 1 cup of egg whites, the salt, and 1 tablespoon of the sugar in the bowl of an electric mixer\cf2  fitted with the whisk attachment. 
\fs34 \cf0 \

\fs50 Beat on high speed until firm but not dry. Whisk 1/4 of the egg whites into the chocolate mixture; then fold the rest in carefully with a rubber spatula.\
Without cleaning the bowl or whisk\cf2 , whip the heavy cream and the remaining tablespoon of sugar until firm. Fold the whipped cream into the chocolate mixture. Pour the mousse into individual dishes. Chill. Serve with whipped cream on the side.
\fs34 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab1134\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\fs50 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab1134\sl320\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Whipped Cream\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab1134\li720\fi-720\ri-612\sl400\ql\qnatural
\cf0 2  cups (1 pint) cold heavy cream\
\pard\pardeftab1134\ql\qnatural
\cf0 2  tablespoons sugar \
\'bc teaspoon\cf3  \cf2 pure vanilla extract
\fs34 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab1134\ql\qnatural

\fs38 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab1134\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\fs50 \cf0 Whip the cream in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the whisk attachment. When it starts to thicken, add the sugar and vanilla and continue to whip until the cream forms stiff peaks.\
\pard\pardeftab1134\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab1134\sl320\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab1134\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\i0\fs38 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab1134\ql\qnatural

\fs34 \cf0 \
}