{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww18940\viewh20240\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Chocolate Bread Pudding with Cream Sauce\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs32 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 10 to 12 servings\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs36 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1-pound loaf French or Italian bread, cut into cubes (about 15 cups)\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 cups milk\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup heavy cream\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup coffee-flavored liqueur\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup granulated sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup packed light brown sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup cocoa powder\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon vanilla extract\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 teaspoons pure almond extract\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 teaspoons ground cinnamon\
{\listtext	\'95	}6 large eggs, lightly beaten\
{\listtext	\'95	}8 ounces semisweet chocolate chips\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F.\
Lightly grease a 13 by 9-inch baking dish. Place the bread in the baking dish.\
In a large bowl, whisk together the milk, cream, and liqueur.\
In another bowl, combine the granulated and brown sugars with the cocoa powder and mix well. Add this to the milk mixture and whisk to combine.\
Add the vanilla and almond extracts and the cinnamon to the beaten eggs. Combine the egg mixture with the milk mixture and mix well. Stir in chocolate chips. Pour the mixture evenly over the bread cubes; let stand, stirring occasionally, for at least 20 minutes, or until the bread has absorbed most of the milk mixture. Bake the pudding for 1 hour, or until set; a knife inserted into the center of the pudding should come out clean. Serving the pudding warm, or refrigerate it and serve chilled.\
Serve it warm or cold, with whipped cream or a dessert sauce.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Cream Sauce\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs32 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 about 2 1/2 cups\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}2 cups {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cream/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 heavy cream}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup Irish cream liqueur\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 tablespoons cornstarch\
{\listtext	\'95	}Water, to dissolve cornstarch\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/extracts/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 vanilla extract}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 Heat heavy cream, Irish cream liqueur and sugar. Mix cornstarch with about 1 tablespoon of water. Stir into the cream mixture and heat until thickened. Add vanilla. Serve over {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/bread-pudding/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 bread pudding}}.\
Cook's Note: You can make this up to 3 days in advance.\
\
}