{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red84\green84\blue84;\red51\green51\blue51;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl520\sa80\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs64 \cf0 Chocolate Mousse III\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\fs38 \cf2 Yield:  \cf0 8 servings\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\fs42 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\ql\qnatural

\fs48 \cf0 INGREDIENTS
\b0\fs44 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}12-ounces bittersweet chocolate \
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 tablespoons instant espresso powder\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons dark rum\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon vanilla extract\
{\listtext	\'95	}Pinch salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup water\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}3 eggs, separated\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup heavy whipping cream\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\ql\qnatural

\b\fs48 \cf0 DIRECTIONS\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa160\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs44 \cf3 Mix chocolate, espresso powder, rum, vanilla, salt, and 1/2 cup water in a large heatproof bowl. Set over a pot of simmering water and whisk until melted. Set aside. \uc0\u8232 In a separate bowl, using a hand mixer, beat the egg yolks with 1/2 cup of the sugar until you can scrape the bottom of the bowl clean, about 2 minutes. Fold about 1/3 of the chocolate mixture into the yolks with a rubber spatula, then fold the egg mixture into the chocolate remaining in the bowl. Set aside. \u8232 Wash the beaters and bowl thoroughly and dry them. Whip the egg whites with the remaining 1/2 cup sugar until they hold soft peaks when the beaters are lifted. Fold 1/3 of the whites into the chocolate mixture with a rubber spatula. Once incorporated, fold the remaining whites. \u8232 In a clean bowl, beat the cream until it holds firm peaks. Fold the cream into the chocolate mixture 1/3 at a time using a rubber spatula. Divide the mousse among 8 dessert cups. Chill at least 2 hours or up to overnight.}