{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red40\green114\blue123;\red54\green54\blue54;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww18440\viewh18080\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl540\sa400\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs82 \cf2 Classic Lemon Curd
\fs76 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa340\ql\qnatural

\fs46 \cf3 Yields:  about 2 cups
\fs76 \cf2 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\sa160\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b\fs54 \cf3 		
\b0 3 oz. (6 Tbs.) unsalted butter, softened at room temperature\
		1 cup sugar\
		2 large eggs\
		2 large egg yolks\
		2/3 cup fresh lemon juice\
		1 tsp. grated lemon zest\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa340\ql\qnatural
\cf3 In a large bowl, beat the butter and sugar with an electric mixer, about 2 min. Slowly add the eggs and yolks. Beat for 1 min. Mix in the lemon juice. The mixture will look curdled, but it will smooth out as it cooks.\
In a medium, heavy-based saucepan, cook the mixture over low heat until it looks smooth. (The curdled appearance disappears as the butter in the mixture melts.) Increase the heat to medium and cook, stirring constantly, until the mixture thickens, about 15 minutes. It should leave a path on the back of a spoon and will read 170\'b0F on a thermometer. Don't let the mixture boil.\
Remove the curd from the heat; stir in the lemon zest. Transfer the curd to a bowl. Press plastic wrap on the surface of the lemon curd to keep a skin from forming and chill the curd in the refrigerator. The curd will thicken further as it cools. Covered tightly, it will keep in the refrigerator for a week and in the freezer for 2 months.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa100\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs60 \cf3 Variations\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa340\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs54 \cf3 For lime curd, substitute fresh lime juice and zest for lemon.}