{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww20580\viewh20240\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs50 \cf0 Deep Chocolate Pudding\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs30 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 6 to 8 servings\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs34 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 cup granulated {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sugar/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 sugar}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 tablespoon cornstarch\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/3 cup plus 1 tablespoon unsweetened Dutch-process {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cocoa-powder/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cocoa powder}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/8 teaspoon salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 1/2 cups whole milk \
{\listtext	\'95	}4 large egg yolks\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup heavy cream\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon pure {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/extracts/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 vanilla extract}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 ounces good-quality bittersweet or semisweet chocolate, chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}Lightly sweetened {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cream/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 whipped cream}}, to serve, if desired\
\pard\tx560\pardeftab720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 Place sugar in a large bowl. \cf2 Over the sugar, sift\cf0  the cornstarch, cocoa and salt. Add 1/2 cup of the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/milk/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 milk}} and stir the mixture to make a thick paste. Lightly beat the egg yolks, then add these to the cornstarch mixture, whisking to {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/blend/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 blend}} well. Wrap a damp towel around the base of the bowl to prevent it from sliding around when the scalded milk is added.\
Meanwhile, in a heavy-bottomed 2-quart {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/saucepan/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 saucepan}}, combine the remaining 2 cups milk and the cream. Bring these just to the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/boil/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 boil}}, then remove the pot from the heat. Pour a small amount of the hot liquid into the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cornstarch/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cornstarch}}-cocoa mixture, whisking constantly. Continue to {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/whisk/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 whisk}} the milk-cream mixture into the bowl gradually, until all of the liquid has been incorporated, and the mixture is smooth. Rinse out the pot used to {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/scald/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 scald}} the milk and the cream, but don't dry it: this will help prevent the pudding from scorching on the bottom. Pour the custard into the rinsed pot and add the vanilla.\
Have ready a clean mesh {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sieve/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 sieve}} over a medium sized bowl. Return the pot to the stove and stir with a wooden spoon over low to medium-low heat until the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/custard/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 custard}} thickens, about 5 to 7 minutes. It should approach but never quite reach, a boil and be about the consistency of {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/mayonnaise/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 mayonnaise}} when it's done. This custard behaves strangely, you may fear something has gone terribly wrong, but press on! It will get increasingly lumpy to the point where, just as it reaches the right thickness, it will seem downright chunky: never mind! Quickly remove the pot from the element and pour through the sieve into the clean bowl, pressing the custard through with a rubber spatula.\
Add the finely chopped or grated {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/chocolate/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 chocolate}} in 2 additions, stirring gently with a clean wooden spoon or rubber spatula until the chocolate is melted smoothly into the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/pudding/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 pudding}}. Spoon the pudding into 6 to 8 serving dishes or goblets and chill at least 6 hours or overnight. If you like the pudding with no skin on the top, press {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/plastic-wrap/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 plastic wrap}} onto the surface of the warm pudding in the serving dishes. The pudding can be made up to 2 days ahead of time.\
}