{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red51\green51\blue51;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13580\viewh14340\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs74 \cf2 FROZEN CHOCOLATE MOUSSE
\b0\fs52 \

\fs42 Yields: About 1 1/2 quarts\

\fs52 \

\b\fs58 Ingredients
\b0\fs52 \
2 cups heavy whipping cream\
6 ounces bittersweet chocolate\
6 ounces unsweetened chocolate\
8 tablespoons (1 stick) unsalted butter\
2/3 cup egg whites (from about 5 large eggs)\
1 1/2 cups sugar\
Cocoa powder or chocolate shavings for finishing\
One 9-inch springform pan or other stainless steel mold\
\

\b\fs58 Directions
\b0\fs52 \
1. Place the 9-inch springform pan in the freezer. Whip cream to a soft peak and refrigerate until needed.\
2. Melt both chocolates over hot water, remove from heat and work in butter; set aside. Cool to room temperature.\
3. Combine egg whites and sugar in bowl of electric mixer; and place over pan of simmering water. Whisk gently until egg whites are hot and sugar is dissolved. Use an electric mixer to beat until cooled and increased in volume.\
4. Quickly fold together room temperature chocolate mixture and meringue. \
5. Scrape into frozen springform pan and smooth the top with an offset metal spatula. cover tightly with plastic wrap. Freeze overnight before serving.\
6. Dust very lightly with cocoa immediately before serving or stick chocolate shavings all over top and sides of mousse. Return to freezer until time to serve.\
\
\
}