{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green10\blue208;\red132\green0\blue0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11460\viewh13620\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs72 \cf0 Frozen Chocolate Mousse I 
\f1\b0\fs54 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs48 \cf0 Serves:  8 to 10 servings
\fs54 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs56 \cf0 Ingredients
\f1\b0\fs54 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural
\cf0 1 Oreo cookie crust (recipe below)\
12 ounces semisweet chocolate \
1/2 cup whole milk\
1 tablespoon chocolate cream liqueur\
1 teaspoon vanilla extract\
1 cup confectioners' sugar\
2 cups heavy cream\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs56 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf0 Prepare Oreo cookie crust. Press into the bottom of a 9-inch springform pan.
\f1\fs54 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Combine the chocolate, milk and chocolate liqueur in a heatproof bowl over simmering water. Mix in the vanilla extract. Stir until chocolate is melted and smooth. Let the chocolate sauce cool.\
Combine the confectioners' sugar and heavy cream in a mixing bowl. Whip to stiff peaks. Gently fold about 1 cup of the whipped cream into the cooled chocolate sauce. Gently fold the remaining whipped cream in two to three more batches. Pour the mousse mixture into the cookie crust.  Cover with plastic wrap and freeze overnight.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260\ql\qnatural

\f2\b\fs64 \cf0 Oreo Cookie Crust 
\b0\fs40 \cf2 \uc0\u8232 
\fs38 \cf3 Yields: 1 pie crust
\fs40 \cf2 \uc0\u8232 
\b \cf0 \uc0\u8232 
\fs50 Ingredients:
\b0\fs56 \

\fs50 24 whole Oreo cookies\uc0\u8232 1/4 cup melted unsalted butter\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\ql\qnatural

\fs56 \cf0 \uc0\u8232 
\b\fs50 Preparation:
\b0\fs56 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260\ql\qnatural

\fs50 \cf0 In a medium-sized bowl or a food processor, add the Oreo cookies and blend until the texture of coarse meal. Add the melted butter and blend until well combined.\
Place the ground crumb mixture into a 9- or 10-inch springform pan and press onto the bottom and up the sides evenly. Refrigerate the crust for at least an hour before you add the filling of your choice. \cf3 This will help prevent crumbling when you want to serve it.\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260\ql\qnatural

\fs44 \cf0 \
}