{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red153\green153\blue153;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid4}
{\list\listtemplateid5\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid5}
{\list\listtemplateid6\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid6}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}{\listoverride\listid5\listoverridecount0\ls5}{\listoverride\listid6\listoverridecount0\ls6}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14520\viewh18320\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\sa280\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs56 \cf0 Frozen Lemon Mousse I\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b\fs26 \cf0 Yield 
\b0\fs28 Makes one 8-inch mousse
\fs38 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa260\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs46 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sl320\sa120\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl1
\f1\fs38 \cf0 		8 to 10 lemons\
		2 cups sugar\
		8 large egg yolks\
		2 whole eggs\
		1 cup (2 sticks) unsalted butter, cut into pieces\
		1 1/2 cups plus 2 tablespoons heavy cream, chilled\
		Candied Lemon Zest (recipe below)\
		One 8-ounce container creme fraiche\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa260\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs46 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\sa360\ql\qnatural
\ls3\ilvl0
\f1\fs38 \cf0 		Prepare ice-water bath in large bowl. Juice 1 lemon; reserve juice. Juice additional lemons to yield 1 cup. Make lemon curd: Place 1 cup lemon juice, sugar, egg yolks, whole eggs, and butter in saucepan; whisk to combine. Cook over medium heat, whisking constantly until thickens, about 7 minutes.\
		Strain curd through a fine-mesh strainer into a bowl set in the ice bath. Stir periodically until cool; remove from ice bath. Place plastic wrap directly on surface of curd to prevent a skin from forming; refrigerate for at least 1 hour or up to 3 days.\
		Place 1 1/2 cups chilled heavy cream in large mixing bowl; whisk until soft peaks form. Reserve 1/2 cup lemon curd for sauce; add remaining lemon curd to whipped cream. Fold gently until well combined.\
		Place an 8-inch nonstick springform pan on baking sheet. Transfer mousse to springform pan. Place in freezer on sheet until firm, at least 4 hours.\
		Drain candied lemon zest; reserve syrup. Make the lemon sauce: Whisk 1/3 cup syrup, reserved 1/2 cup lemon curd, and reserved juice of 1 lemon in a small bowl. Remove frozen mousse from freezer and let warm 4 to 5 minutes at room temperature. Meanwhile, whisk creme fraiche and remaining 2 tablespoons cream in medium bowl until soft peaks form. Remove sides of springform pan. Slice mousse and place on plates. Spoon lemon sauce around mousse; top with creme fraiche. Garnish with candied zest, and serve.
\f0\fs50 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\sa280\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Candied Lemon Zest
\f1\fs36 \cf2 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\ql\qnatural
\ls4\ilvl0
\b\fs26 \cf0 Yield 
\b0\fs28 Makes 1 cup
\fs38 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa260\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs46 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sl320\sa120\ql\qnatural
\ls5\ilvl1
\f1\fs38 \cf0 		
\fs40 6 lemons scrubbed\
		2 cups sugar
\fs38 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa260\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs46 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\sa360\ql\qnatural
\ls6\ilvl0
\f1\fs38 \cf0 	
\fs40 	
\fs38 Using a vegetable peeler, peel zest from lemons. Use a knife to remove any white pith; cut zest as thinly as possible.\
		Bring 4 cups water to a boil in a medium saucepan. Add zest; blanch for 1 minute, drain, and rinse under cold water.\
		In another medium saucepan, combine sugar and 2 cups water; bring to a simmer. Cook until sugar dissolves completely, about 2 minutes. Add lemon zest. Simmer until translucent, about 30 minutes. Remove from heat; let zest cool in syrup. When cool, transfer zest and syrup to an airtight plastic container. Store in refrigerator up to 1 month.\
}