{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red102\green102\blue102;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11080\viewh16940\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa200\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs54 \cf2 Lemon-Vanilla Pastry Cream
\fs42 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa200\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf2 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b \cf2 Ingredients
\b0 \
{\listtext	\'95	}2/3 cups sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons flour\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons cornstarch\
{\listtext	\'95	}Pinch of salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 egg yolks\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 cups cream\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 teaspoons butter, softened\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 teaspoons vanilla\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice\
\
\ls1\ilvl0
\b Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa200\ql\qnatural
\cf2 1.
\b0 \cf2  Mix together egg yolks and cream. In a medium saucepan, combine the sugar, flour, cornstarch and salt. Whisk the egg mixture into the saucepan over medium heat. Whisk every minute or so at first, but as it heats up and starts to boil and thicken, you will need to whisk constantly. This should take about 10 minutes.\

\b \cf2 2.
\b0 \cf2  Turn the heat to low/medium-low so that mixture bubbles gently and cook until it coats the back of a spoon, or when you can draw your finger through it and the line stays there. Stir in the butter and vanilla, and two tablespoons of fresh lemon juice.\

\b \cf2 3.
\b0 \cf2  Strain through a fine-mesh sieve/strainer to remove all lumps. Because the mixture is very thick, you may have to help the mixture through the strainer by pushing gently with a spoon.\

\b \cf2 4.
\b0 \cf2  Set aside and let cool to room temperature. Then place in the refrigerator, in an airtight container, with plastic wrap pressed gently against the surface of the cream.}