{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww18080\viewh16340\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs64 \cf0 Lemon Ginger Mousse 
\fs74 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs50 \cf0 Serves:  8 to 10 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\ql\qnatural

\b\fs52 \cf0 Ingredients
\fs62 \

\fs44 Mousse:
\fs54 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0\fs50 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}2 1/2 cups heavy cream\
{\listtext	\'95	}3-inch knob fresh ginger, peeled and chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon ground ginger\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}Lemon Curd, recipe follows\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup chopped candied ginger, for garnish\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\ql\qnatural

\b\fs52 \cf0 Directions
\fs62 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs50 \cf0 Place the heavy cream, fresh ginger and ground ginger in a medium saucepan and bring to just under a boil. Turn off the heat and let the cream sit for about an hour. Remove from the heat and store in an airtight container in the refrigerator overnight or up to 4 days.\
When you are ready to serve the mousse, strain the ginger-flavored heavy cream into a large mixing bowl. Whip the cream until it holds a peak. Fold in the Lemon Curd. Divide into serving bowls and top with candied ginger.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\ql\qnatural

\b\fs52 \cf0 Lemon Curd
\fs62 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural
\ls3\ilvl0
\b0\fs50 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 cup lemon juice\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 tablespoons (1/2 stick) unsalted butter\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 eggs\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 egg yolks\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 teaspoon vanilla extract\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/8 teaspoon kosher salt\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\ql\qnatural
\cf0 In a medium, nonreactive saucepan, combine the lemon juice and butter, place over medium-high heat and heat to just under a boil. In a medium, heatproof bowl, whisk the eggs and egg yolks until blended, then slowly whisk in the sugar until combined. Remove the lemon juice mixture from the heat and gradually whisk a little of it into the sugar/egg mixture. Continue whisking the hot liquid into the sugar/egg mixture, a little at a time, until all of it has been incorporated. When all of the hot liquid has been incorporated, return the contents of the bowl to the saucepan and return the saucepan to medium heat. Cook, stirring continuously with a wooden spoon and making sure to scrape the bottom of the pan frequently to prevent the eggs from scrambling, for 5 to 8 minutes, or until the mixture thickens and coats the spoon thickly. To test, draw your finger along the back of the spoon; the curd should hold the trail for a second or two before it fills. Remove the curd from the heat and strain it through a fine-mesh sieve into a bowl. Whisk in the vanilla and salt. You should have about 3 cups. Cover tightly and refrigerate for 1 to 2 hours, or until cold. (The curd can be made up to 5 days in advance and stored in an airtight container in the refrigerator.)\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
}