{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11860\viewh12320\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs54 \cf0 Lemon and White Chocolate Pots de Creme\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs34 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 4 servings\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs40 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs38 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}2 (3 1/2-ounce) bars {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/white-chocolate/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 white chocolate}} chopped into 1/4-inch pieces (recommended: Lindt) 3/4 cup heavy cream\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup whole milk\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 egg yolks\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 teaspoons lemon {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/zest/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 zest}}\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/pinch/index.html"}}{\fldrslt Pinch}}\cf0  fine {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sea-salt/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 sea salt}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup fresh raspberries\
{\listtext	\'95	}Special equipment: 4 (4-ounce) ramekins or custard cups\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs40 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs38 \cf0 Put an oven rack in the center of the oven. Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F.\
Put the white chocolate in a medium bowl. Set aside. In a small {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/saucepan/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 saucepan}}, over low heat, add the cream and milk and heat until hot but not boiling. Pour the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cream/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cream}} mixture over the chocolate and stir until smooth. In another medium bowl, whisk the egg yolks, sugar, lemon zest, and salt together until smooth. Slowly {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/whisk/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 whisk}} the cream mixture into the egg mixture until smooth. Ladle the custard into 4 (4-ounce) ramekins or custard cups. Arrange the ramekins in an 8 by 8-inch square baking dish. Pour enough hot water in the baking dish to come halfway up the sides of the ramekins. Bake for 30 minutes until the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/custard/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 custard}} is almost set and still slightly soft in the center (custard will set as it cools). Let the ramekins cool for 30 minutes in the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cookware-and-bakeware-materials/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 baking dish}}. Remove the ramekins from the water and refrigerate for 3 hours or up to 1 day.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/garnish/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Garnish}} with fresh raspberries and serve.}