{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww20740\viewh20240\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Manhattan Mousse
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\b \cf2 Serves: 
\b0 \cf0 4 servings\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs28 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 cup dried cherries\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup sweet {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/vermouth/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 vermouth}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 (12-ounce) bag semisweet chocolate {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/chips/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 chips}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup whiskey\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/butter/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 butter}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 eggs, separated\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 In a small bowl, pour vermouth over dried cherries to rehydrate. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/macerate/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Macerate}} for 30 minutes or until cherries are plump. Meanwhile, using a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/double-boiler/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 double boiler}}, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/melt/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 melt}} chocolate and butter together. Remove melted chocolate from heat and stir in {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/whiskey/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 whiskey}}.\
In a separate bowl whisk egg yolks, then slowly add in thirds to the melted chocolate. In a large bowl whip egg whites to stiff peaks. Whisk 1/3 of the whites into the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/chocolate/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 chocolate}} then gently fold in the remainder. Pour into 4 individual serving dishes and refrigerate for at least 2 hours. Remove dishes from the refrigerator, top with macerated cherries and serve.}