{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs64 \cf0 Margarita Mousse\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs44 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 3 to 5 servings\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs48 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs56 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs54 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 envelope unflavored gelatin\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 teaspoon salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup fresh lemon juice\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup fresh lime juice\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup limeade concentrate or tequila\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup fresh {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/orange/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 orange juice}} or {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/triple-sec/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Triple Sec}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 egg yolks\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon grated lime zest\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/whipping-cream/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 whipping cream}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/meringue/index.html"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\b\fs56 \cf2 Meringue}}
\f0\b\fs56 :\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs54 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}*3 egg whites\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 teaspoon cream or tartar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup sugar\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/custard/index.html"}}{\fldrslt Custard}}\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs56 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs54 \cf0 In a medium saucepan, combine 1/4 cup of the sugar, the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/gelatin/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 gelatin}}, and the salt. Stir in the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/lemon/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 lemon juice}}, lime juice, limeade (or {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/tequila/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 tequila}}), and orange juice (or Triple Sec). Stir well. In a medium glass dish, whip the egg yolks until they are light. Stir in the lime zest. Add to the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/saucepan/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 saucepan}} and cook over low heat, stirring constantly, until the gelatin is dissolved, about 3 minutes. Remove from heat. Transfer to a plastic container and allow it to come to room temperature. Cover and refrigerate, stirring occasionally until the mixture has begun to gel, about 30 minutes.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs56 \cf0 For the Meringue:\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs54 \cf0 With an electric mixer, beat egg whites with {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cream-of-tartar/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cream of tartar}} until soft peaks form. Gradually beat in the sugar until stiff. Fold in beaten {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cream/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 whipped cream}}.\
Remove custard from refrigerator and fold in the meringue. Place the mixture, when finished folding, back into the refrigerator and let chill.\
When serving rim your glass with sugar and pour chilled {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/mousse/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 mousse}} into glass.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls3\ilvl0\cf0 	}