{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red17\green17\blue17;\red130\green128\blue128;\red247\green247\blue247;
}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{circle\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13560\viewh13980\viewkind0
\deftab720

\itap1\trowd \taflags0 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth10000\clftsWidth3 \clmart10 \clmarl10 \clmarb10 \clmarr10 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt20 \clpadl20 \clpadb20 \clpadr20 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clmart10 \clmarl10 \clmarb10 \clmarr10 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt20 \clpadl20 \clpadb20 \clpadr20 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1000\clftsWidth3 \clmart10 \clmarl10 \clmarb10 \clmarr10 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt20 \clpadl20 \clpadb20 \clpadr20 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl600\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs54 \cf2 Orange Cardamom Curd\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl600\qc

\b0\fs48 \cf2 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl600\ql\qnatural
\cf2 \cell \lastrow\row
\pard\pardeftab720\sl600\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs36 \cf3 \cb4 Serves: 16\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl600\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs54 \cf2 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl600\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0\fs48 \cf2 {\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}2 large navel oranges, zested and juiced.\
{\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}1-1/4 cups sugar\
{\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}1 teaspoon ground cardamom\
{\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}4 egg yolks\
{\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}2 eggs\
{\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}6 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, cut into cubes\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl600\ql\qnatural

\b\fs54 \cf2 Instructions\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl600\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\b0\fs48 \cf2 {\listtext	1.	}Set up a double boiler (I use a saucepan and a stainless steel mixing bowl), add 2 inches of water to the bottom pan and bring to a simmer.\
{\listtext	2.	}In a small bowl, stir together the orange zest, sugar and cardamom.\
{\listtext	3.	}Remove the top half of the double boiler and let it cool briefly. Once it has returned to room temperature, add the egg yolks and whole eggs and whisk them together. When they are well beaten, add the sugar mixture and orange juice. Stir to combine.\
{\listtext	4.	}Place the top of the double boiler on the steaming bottom pan and add the butter.\
{\listtext	5.	}Switch to a rubber or silicone spatula and stir continually as the orange curd begins to cook.\
{\listtext	6.	}Using an immersion thermometer, monitor the temperature of the curd while you stir. As it approaches 190 \'96 200\'b0F, it should start to thicken. One sign of doneness is that it will coat the back of your spoon without running or dripping.\
{\listtext	7.	}If it is slow to thicken but is approaching 210\'b0F, remove the top portion of the double boiler and let it cool for a moment before returning to the heat for an additional minute or two of cooking. It typically takes 6 to 9 minutes for a curd to cook through.\
{\listtext	8.	}When the curd has thickened to the consistency of sour cream, it is done. Remove the top half of the double boiler and stir off the heat. During this time, it will continue to thicken a bit.\
{\listtext	9.	}Strain the curd through a fine mesh sieve into a bowl. The straining removes both the zest (which will have imparted a great deal of flavor to the curd during cooking time) and any bits of scrambled egg.\
{\listtext	10.	}Pour the strained curd into jars for storage. When it has cooled to room temperature, store in refrigerator.\
{\listtext	11.	}If you plan to freeze your curd, make sure to leave plenty of headspace, so that when it expands, it doesn\'92t cause breakage.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl600\sa440\ql\qnatural
\cf2 \cb1 \'a0}