{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13500\viewh11580\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs56 \cf0 Orange Mousse\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs50 \cf0 3 eggs
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 1 cup granulated sugar
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 1 orange, grated zest and juice
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 1/2 cup orange juice
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 1 lemon, grated zest and juice 
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 1 cup heavy cream
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 2 cups (0.25 L) milk\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}Separate the yolks from the whites.\
{\listtext	\'95	}Beat the yolks together with half the sugar for 10 minutes.\
{\listtext	\'95	}Boil the milk in a saucepan for 10\uc0\u147 15 minutes until it is reduced by half, then let it cool.  Slowly add the beaten and sweetened egg yolks.  Heat the preparation gently, while continuing to beat it steadily to help maintain the foam.  Add a pinch of flour, while continuing to whisk.  As soon as the mixture has thickened, remove the pan from the heat and let it cool.\
{\listtext	\'95	}Though it is optional, further thickening of the mousse can be done with three or four leaves of gelatin, first soaked in cold water.\
{\listtext	\'95	}Mix in the citrus juices and the grated orange and lemon zest. Refrigerate for 20 minutes.\
{\listtext	\'95	}Meanwhile, beat the egg whites with an electric beater to soft peaks.  Incorporate the rest of the sugar and proceed whipping to stiff peaks.\
{\listtext	\'95	}Whip the heavy cream to stiff peaks.  Fold into the cooled egg yolk mixture and then fold in the egg whites.  Set your orange mousse in the refrigerator for several hours before serving.\
}