{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red61\green61\blue61;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11400\viewh16760\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl500\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs50 \cf0 Orange-Chocolate Bread Pudding\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs28 \cf2 Yield: 
\b0 6 servings
\fs34 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs42 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl420\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs40 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}4 cups whole milk\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 cups sugar, plus more for sprinkling\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 12-ounce can (11/2 cups) frozen orange juice concentrate, thawed\
{\listtext	\'95	}3/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons bourbon\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 large eggs plus 6 egg yolks\
{\listtext	\'95	}12 cups day-old challah bread cubes\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus more for greasing\
{\listtext	\'95	}3/4 cup bittersweet chocolate chunks\
{\listtext	\'95	}Pinch of salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}3/4 cup heavy cream\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs42 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs40 \cf0 Heat the milk, 1 cup sugar and 1/2 cup orange juice concentrate in a saucepan over medium-low heat until the sugar dissolves, stirring. Cool slightly. (It's OK if the mixture curdles slightly.)\
Whisk the milk mixture, 2 tablespoons bourbon and the whole eggs and yolks in a large bowl; fold in the bread. Cover and refrigerate until the liquid is absorbed, about 1 hour 30 minutes.\
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Butter a 9-by-13-inch baking dish. Fold the chocolate chunks into the bread mixture. Spread evenly in the baking dish and sprinkle with sugar. Bake until a knife inserted into the center comes out clean, about 1 hour 20 minutes.\
Meanwhile, make the sauce: Melt 4 tablespoons butter in a small saucepan over medium heat. Add the remaining 1/2 cup sugar and cook, stirring, until lightly caramelized, 5 to 6 minutes. Whisk in the remaining 1 cup orange juice concentrate, 3/4 cup bourbon and the salt. Cook until thick, 10 to 15 minutes. Stir in the cream and simmer until the sauce coats a spoon, about 10 more minutes. Slice the bread pudding and drizzle with the sauce.}