{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red176\green30\blue8;\red51\green51\blue51;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww21320\viewh17440\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl460\sa120\ql\qnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.culinate.com/books/collections/all_books/barefoot_contessa_in_paris/pastry_cream"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\fs62 \cf2 Pastry Cream}}
\f1\b\fs40 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa300\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf3 Making {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.culinate.com/books/collections/all_books/The+Art+of+Simple+Food/Vanilla+Pouring+Custard+%28Cr%C3%A8me+Anglaise%29"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cr\'e8me anglaise}}, a French vanilla sauce, is a delicate process because you can overcook it and end up with vanilla scrambled eggs. Pastry cream, on the other hand, has similar ingredients, but it\'92s more like a custard. You can actually boil it without having the eggs scramble. Use it to fill fruit tarts and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.culinate.com/books/collections/all_books/barefoot_contessa_in_paris/profiteroles"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cream puffs}}.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa300\ql\qnatural

\b \cf2 Ingredients
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\fs42 \cf2 5
\fs32 	  
\i\fs42 \cf3 extra-large egg yolks,   \
        at room temperature
\fs44 \

\i0\fs42 \cf2 \'be
\i\fs52 \cf3  
\fs42     cup sugar\

\i0 \cf2 3 
\fs32        
\i\fs42 \cf3 Tbsp. cornstarch\

\i0 \cf2 1\'bd
\i \cf3    cups scalded milk\

\i0 \cf2 \'bd
\i\fs52 \cf3  
\fs42     tsp. pure vanilla extract\

\i0 \cf2 1
\i\fs52 \cf3  
\fs42      tsp. Cognac\

\i0 \cf2 1
\i\fs52 \cf3   
\fs42    Tbsp. unsalted butter\

\i0 \cf2 1
\i\fs52 \cf3  
\fs42     Tbsp. heavy cream
\fs54 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\i0\fs40 \cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa300\ql\qnatural

\b \cf2 Directions\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl360\sa180\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0 \cf3 		
\fs42 In the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, beat the egg yolks and sugar on medium-high speed for 4 minutes, or until very thick. Reduce to low speed and add the cornstarch.\
		With the mixer still on low, slowly pour the hot milk into the egg mixture. Pour the mixture into a medium saucepan and cook over low heat, stirring constantly with a wooden spoon, until the mixture thickens, 5 to 7 minutes. Don\'92t be alarmed when the custard comes to a boil and appears to curdle; switch to a whisk and beat vigorously. Cook, whisking constantly, for another 2 minutes; the custard will come together and become very thick, like pudding. Stir in the vanilla, Cognac, butter, and heavy cream.\
		Pour the custard through a sieve into a bowl. Place plastic wrap directly on the custard and refrigerate until cold.}