{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Pots de Creme a L'Orange\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs32 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 10 to 12 servings\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs42 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs40 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}12 ounces semisweet chocolate chips\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 eggs, at room temperature\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 to 3 teaspoons orange liqueur, such as Grand Marnier\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 pinch salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}8 ounces VERY hot strong coffee\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup heavy cream\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}Orange peel, for garnish\
\pard\tx560\pardeftab720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs42 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs40 \cf0 Place the chocolate chips in a blender. Crack in the eggs, and then add the orange liqueur and salt. Pulse until the chocolate chips are partially pulverized, 5 to 7 times.\
With the blender running, carefully pour in the coffee in a steady stream through the small opening in the lid. The coffee will melt the chocolate and turn it into a smooth mixture. Turn off the blender when the mixture is very smooth. Pour the mixture into small mason jars, pretty wine glasses or demitasse cups.\
Place the jars on a tray and refrigerate them until firm, at least 2 or 3 hours. Yum!\
Whip the cream with the sugar and generously plop it onto the top of each glass. Cut a strip of orange peel, cut into strips and decorate with the orange peel twists.}