{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Pudding with Strawberry Sauce\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs32 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 4 servings\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs36 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}4 egg yolks\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons cornstarch\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 cups heavy cream\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 vanilla bean, seeds scraped\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup white chocolate chips\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Coulis:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 pound frozen strawberries, thawed\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 lemon, juiced\
{\listtext	\'95	}Whipped cream, to garnish\
{\listtext	\'95	}Fresh strawberries, to garnish\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 In a medium-sized bowl, beat together egg yolks and cornstarch. Set aside. In a large saucepan bring the cream, sugar and vanilla bean and seeds to a boil over medium-low heat. Add the white chocolate chips, then reduce the heat to low. Temper the egg yolks with a little of the cream mixture, then pour the egg yolks back into the cream. Simmer until the mixture thickens, about 1 minute. Remove the pan from the heat and pour the pudding into 6 (6-ounce) ramekins. Refrigerate for 2 to 3 hours.\
Add the strawberries, sugar and lemon juice to a food processor and pulse until smooth. Strain the mixture with a fine mesh strainer into a bowl. Top the puddings with the coulis and garnish with whipped cream and fresh strawberries before serving.\
}