{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red84\green84\blue84;\red51\green51\blue51;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid4}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl520\sa80\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs66 \cf0 Sticky Toffee Pudding I\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\fs40 \cf2 Yield:  \cf0 30 servings\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\ql\qnatural

\fs52 \cf0 INGREDIENTS\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0\fs48 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}Nonstick cooking spray\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 cups hot water\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 1/2 pounds/1588 g dates, chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}1.4 ounces/40 g baking soda\
{\listtext	\'95	}1.1 pounds/500 g sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}12 ounces /3 sticks/500 g butter, at room temperature\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1.35 ounces/40 ml vanilla extract\
{\listtext	\'95	}6 eggs\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 pounds/900 g self-rising flour, sifted\
{\listtext	\'95	}Toffee Sauce, hot, recipe follows\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls3\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}Toffee Sauce:\
{\listtext	\'95	}18 ounces light brown sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}18 ounces muscovado sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 can treacle\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls4\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}8 ounces (2 sticks) butter\
{\listtext	\'95	}20 ounces heavy cream\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup vanilla-infused cheap white rum, optional (could be plain white rum with some vanilla extract added)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\ql\qnatural

\b\fs52 \cf0 DIRECTIONS\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa160\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs48 \cf3 Preheat the oven (not convection) to 350 degrees F. Coat 4-ounce aluminum tin molds with cooking spray and set aside. \uc0\u8232 \u8232 Pour the hot water into a bowl with the dates and let soak for about 10 minutes. Mix in the baking soda. (Be sure not to let the dates soak too long or they will become dry.) \u8232 \u8232 Meanwhile, combine the sugar and butter, then add the vanilla (it will look sort of broken). Add the eggs, one at a time. Mix in the flour. Pour the batter into the bowl with the dates and whip by hand to combine. The batter is very loose. \u8232 \u8232 Pour the batter into the molds, filling them no more than halfway up. Bake for 15 to 20 minutes. \u8232 \u8232 Immediately hot from the oven, cut off the uneven tops and dunk 6 to 7 at a time in the hot Toffee Sauce for a couple of minutes. Remove with a slotted spoon to a wire rack set over a sheet pan. Repeat until all the cakes have been soaked. Refrigerate before handling to allow the sauce to set in without breaking the cakes. \u8232 \u8232 This recipe was provided by a chef, restaurant or culinary professional and makes a large quantity. The Food Network Kitchens chefs have not tested this recipe, in the proportions indicated, and therefore, we cannot make any representation as to the results.\
In a saucepan, melt the sugars and treacle with the butter until well incorporated, but don't allow the mixture to burn. Add a small amount of cream to facilitate dissolving the sugar. When the sugar mixture is smooth, whisk in the remaining cream slowly to prevent seizing. Bring to a boil to thicken, then remove from the heat and add the rum, if using. Keep the sauce covered until ready to use.\
}