{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red216\green103\blue20;\red68\green68\blue68;\red55\green40\blue26;
\red252\green122\blue0;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11820\viewh18700\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa100\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs60 \cf2 Ultimate Salted Caramel Pudding
\b0\fs54 \cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\ql\qnatural

\fs38 \cf4 Makes 3 cups, or six \'bd-cup servings.
\fs46 \
\
This pudding is heavenly, transcendent, divine. There\'92s something about the contrast between deep caramel and salt that takes the taste buds on an exhilarating ride that doesn\'92t end until you shamelessly lick the bowl and then go looking for a second helping.\
To recap, all we are doing when we make pudding is thickening sweetened milk with cornstarch and egg yolks. In this case, we add the step of caramelizing the sugar before sweetening the milk with it.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\ql\qnatural

\b \cf4 NOTE
\b0 \'a0\'a0 If you want a pie filling that will hold its shape,\'a0rather than this more loosely mounding pudding
\i ,
\i0  increase the cornstarch to 5-6 tablespoons.\

\i 3 cups whole milk, room temperature (or 2 cups whole milk and 1 cup heavy cream)
\i0 \uc0\u8232 
\i 3 tablespoons cornstarch 
\i0 \uc0\u8232 
\i 3 large egg yolks, room temperature
\i0 \

\i \'be cup sugar
\i0 \
3 tablespoons unsalted butter, room temperature, cut into 12 chunks\uc0\u8232 1\'bd teaspoon vanilla (I love Mexican vanilla here)\u8232 
\i \'bd teaspoon fine sea salt
\i0 \
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf4 {\listtext	.	}In a large measuring cup with a pour spout, add 3 cups milk. Set milk and a silicon spatula next to the stovetop.\
{\listtext	.	}In a medium bowl, whisk egg yolks with \'bd cup of the milk until well combined. Set next to the stovetop.\
{\listtext	.	}In a small bowl, whisk cornstarch with \'bc cup of the milk until smooth. Set next to the stovetop.\
{\listtext	.	}Make the caramel: In a light colored (stainless steel), 3-quart saucepan, add the sugar and set over medium heat. Swirl the pan as the sugar begins to melt. Use a silicon spatula to move the sugar from side to side as necessary to help it melt and caramelize evenly. When the sugar melts entirely and is a medium-dark caramel color, quickly remove from the heat.\
{\listtext	.	}Stand back and CAREFULLY stir in the remaining milk. The mixture will boil and sputter furiously. The caramel may seize into a solid sugary mass. No worries! When the mixture stops sputtering, put it over medium heat and bring to a simmer while stirring to melt the seized caramel. Scrape the bottom and sides of the saucepan with a \cf5 silicone (heatproof) spatula \cf4 to make sure all seized caramel dissolves.\
{\listtext	.	}Stir, and then add the cornstarch mixture to the pan and bring the pudding to a very slow simmer. Simmer, stirring or whisking for 2 minutes to thicken. Decrease heat to medium-low so that pudding is no longer simmering.\
{\listtext	.	}Ladle \'bd cup of the hot pudding into the egg yolk mixture and whisk rapidly. Repeat two times. Now add the egg yolk mixture back to the saucepan. This tempers the egg and helps to prevent curdling.\
{\listtext	.	}Raise the heat slightly, and continue stirring the pudding until it thickens to the point that it thickly coats the back of the spatula, from 2-4 minutes. Don\'92t boil.\
{\listtext	.	}Remove from the heat and stir in the butter, vanilla, and salt until the butter is melted.\
{\listtext	.	}Immediately pour the pudding through a single mesh strainer into a medium mixing bowl or 4-cup glass measuring cup. Alternatively, you can pour pudding directly into six \'bd-cup serving dishes. (The reason I rarely do this is that I prefer to mound the servings.) and quickly press a piece of plastic wrap directly on the surface of the pudding to prevent a skin from forming.\
{\listtext	.	}Let cool, and then refrigerate until chilled, at least 2 hours.\
{\listtext	.	}To serve, spoon pudding into six, \'bd-cup ramekins (if you didn\'92t do this earlier).\
{\listtext	.	}Top each serving with a generous mound of whipped cream.\
{\listtext	.	}Serve immediately.\
}