{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red84\green84\blue84;\red51\green51\blue51;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid4}
{\list\listtemplateid5\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid5}
{\list\listtemplateid6\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid6}
{\list\listtemplateid7\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid7}
{\list\listtemplateid8\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid8}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}{\listoverride\listid5\listoverridecount0\ls5}{\listoverride\listid6\listoverridecount0\ls6}{\listoverride\listid7\listoverridecount0\ls7}{\listoverride\listid8\listoverridecount0\ls8}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15660\viewh18620\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl520\sa80\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs66 \cf0 Vanilla Rice Pudding with Glazed Oranges, Orange-Cardamom Madeleines and Orange Sabayon\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs40 \cf2 Yield:  \cf0 8 servings
\b \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\ql\qnatural

\fs52 \cf0 INGREDIENTS\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs48 \cf0 GLAZED ORANGES:
\b0 \
{\listtext	\'95	}3 oranges unpeeled, very thinly sliced\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 cups honey\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup sugar\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls3\ilvl0
\b \cf0 RICE PUDDING:
\b0 \
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup milk\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup Arborio rice\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 teaspoon salt\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls4\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1/2 vanilla bean, split lengthwise, seeds scraped\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup heavy cream\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls5\ilvl0
\b \cf0 ORANGE SABAYON:
\b0 \
{\listtext	\'95	}5 large egg yolks\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}Pinch salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup muscat or late harvest riesling\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls6\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}3/4 cup heavy cream\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 teaspoons freshly squeezed orange juice\
\ls6\ilvl0
\b ORANGE-CARDAMOM MADELEINES:
\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls7\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1/2 stick (4 tablespoons) unsalted butter, plus more for pan\
{\listtext	\'95	}3/4 cup all-purpose flour, plus more for pan\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon honey\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon vanilla\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon baking powder\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls8\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}3/4 teaspoon ground cardamom\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 teaspoon salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 large eggs\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\ql\qnatural

\b\fs52 \cf0 DIRECTIONS\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa160\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs48 \cf3 For the glazed oranges: Bring a large pot of water to a boil. Add the orange slices and cook until translucent, about 5 minutes. Transfer to a baking sheet. \uc0\u8232 Cut a piece of parchment into a circle to fit a large shallow saucepan. Bring 2 cups water, the honey and sugar to a boil. Add the orange slices and place the parchment directly on top. Reduce the heat and simmer until the oranges are soft and the liquid has reduced to a syrup, 30 to 40 minutes. \u8232 For the rice pudding: Put 1 3/4 cup water, the milk, rice, water, sugar, salt and vanilla seeds into a medium saucepan. Bring to a boil, and then simmer until almost all the liquid has absorbed, 18 to 20 minutes. \u8232 Remove from the heat and stir until smooth. Remove the vanilla bean and cool. \u8232 Whip the heavy cream until soft peaks form. Fold into the rice pudding. \u8232 For the sabayon: Prepare a large ice bath and set aside. Fill a medium saucepan with 2 inches of water and set over medium heat to bring to a simmer. \u8232 In a large stainless steel bowl, whisk together the egg yolks, sugar and salt until very pale yellow. Add the wine and whisk to combine. Place the bowl over the pan of simmering water and whisk until the eggs have thickened and tripled in volume, 5 to 10 minutes. Remove from the heat and transfer to the ice bath. Whisk until chilled. \u8232 In a large bowl, whip the heavy cream until soft peaks form. Add the orange juice and fold into the chilled sabayon. \u8232 Divide the pudding among serving dishes and top with the oranges slices and their syrup. Finish with the orange sabayon. Serve with Orange-Cardamom Madeleines. \u8232 Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Butter and flour a madeleine mold pan. \u8232 Melt the butter in a small saucepan over medium heat. Remove from the heat and stir in the honey and vanilla. Let cool for 10 minutes. \u8232 Whisk the flour, baking powder, cardamom and salt together. Stir together the sugar and eggs in a medium bowl. Gently fold in the flour until well combined. Add the butter and fold until combined. Cover and refrigerate for 30 minutes. \u8232 Spoon the batter into the prepared madeleine mold pan, filling each mold halfway Tap the pan on a work surface to eliminate air bubbles. Bake until the cookies are golden, 7 to 8 minutes.\
}