{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16740\viewh19820\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs54 \cf0 Caramel Apple Cupcakes with Vanilla Bean Cream Cheese Frosting
\f1\b0\fs34 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\b \cf2 Serves: 
\b0 \cf0 24 cupcakes\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs38 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs40 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs38 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}2 cups granulated sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 large eggs\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup unsalted butter, melted\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 cups all-purpose flour\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 teaspoons ground cinnamon\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon baking soda\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon baking powder\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 apples, cored, peeled, and chopped (recommended: 2 Granny Smith and 2 Fuji)\
{\listtext	\'95	}Vanilla Bean Cream Cheese Frosting, recipe follows\
{\listtext	\'95	}Caramel syrup, for garnish\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs40 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs38 \cf0 Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line 2 regular size cupcake pans with cupcake liners.\
In a large bowl using an electric mixer on low speed, combine the sugar, eggs, butter, and vanilla extract until blended. In a separate large bowl, combine the flour, cinnamon, baking soda, baking powder, and salt. Add the flour mixture to the butter mixture, mixing on low until blended. Stir in the apples.\
Fill the cupcake liners three-quarters full with batter and bake until the cupcakes spring back when touched with your finger, 15 to 20 minutes. Let cool in the pans for a few minutes, and then remove to a wire rack to cool completely.\
Either pipe Vanilla Bean Cream Cheese Frosting onto the cupcakes using a pastry bag and your favorite tip, or spread each cupcake with the frosting. Drizzle each cupcake with caramel syrup.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs40 \cf0 Vanilla Bean Cream Cheese Frosting:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs38 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 cup unsalted butter, room temperature\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 (8-ounce) bar cream cheese, room temperature\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon vanilla bean paste\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 cups powdered sugar (about 2 pounds)\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon salt\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 In a large bowl using an electric mixer on low speed, beat the butter, cream cheese, and vanilla bean paste until smooth and thoroughly blended. Slowly add the powdered sugar and salt. Mix until smooth.}