{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red239\green23\blue58;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12780\viewh20640\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl600\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs56 \cf0 Chocolate Cupcakes with Caramel Ganache
\f1\fs24 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd4\expndtw20
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs28 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 SERVINGS: 18\

\b\fs20 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd4\expndtw20
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl200\ql\qnatural
\cf2 \

\fs42 FROSTING\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl300\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0\fs48 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	.	}12 ounces milk chocolate, finely chopped\
{\listtext	.	}2 ounces bittersweet or semisweet chocolate, finely chopped\
{\listtext	.	}1/4 cup sugar\
{\listtext	.	}1/4 cup water\
{\listtext	.	}1 cup heavy cream\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl200\ql\qnatural

\b\fs42 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd4\expndtw20
CUPCAKES\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl300\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\fs48 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	.	}
\b0 1 cup plus 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour\
{\listtext	.	}1/2 cup unsweetened Dutch-process cocoa powder\
{\listtext	.	}1 teaspoon baking powder\
{\listtext	.	}1/2 teaspoon baking soda\
{\listtext	.	}1/4 teaspoon salt\
{\listtext	.	}3/4 cup buttermilk\
{\listtext	.	}1/4 cup water\
{\listtext	.	}1 1/2 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature\
{\listtext	.	}3/4 cup granulated sugar\
{\listtext	.	}1/4 cup light brown sugar\
{\listtext	.	}1 large egg\
{\listtext	.	}1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl300\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f0\fs50 \cf0   	MAKE THE FROSTING Combine both chocolates in a large bowl. In a medium saucepan, combine the sugar and water and cook over moderate heat until dissolved. Boil without stirring, brushing down the sides of the pan with a wet pastry brush occasionally, until a deep-amber caramel forms, 8 to 10 minutes. Reduce the heat to low and carefully add the cream; it will bubble vigorously. Whisk until smooth, then pour the caramel over the choc\'adolate. Let stand for 1 minute, then whisk until the frosting is smooth. Refrigerate until completely cool but spreadable, about 2 hours.
\b \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl420\ql\qnatural
\ls3\ilvl0
\b0 \cf0 		MEANWHILE, MAKE THE CUPCAKES Preheat the oven to 350\'b0. Line 18 muffin cups with paper liners. In a medium bowl, whisk the flour, cocoa powder, baking powder, baking soda and salt. In a measuring cup, combine the buttermilk and water. In a large bowl, beat the butter with both sugars until light and fluffy, about 3 minutes. Beat in the egg and vanilla. With the mixer on low speed, beat in the flour mixture in 3 additions, alternating with the buttermilk.
\b \
\ls3\ilvl0
\b0 		Spoon the batter into the cups, filling them three-quarters full. Bake for about 20 minutes, until a tester inserted in the center of a cupcake comes out clean. Cool in the pan for 10 minutes, then transfer the cupcakes to a rack to cool completely.
\b \
\ls3\ilvl0
\b0 		Frost the cupcakes, and serve.
\b \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf0 \
}