{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid4}
{\list\listtemplateid5\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid5}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}{\listoverride\listid5\listoverridecount0\ls5}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs54 \cf0 Chocolate Tangerine Cannoli Cupcakes\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs34 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 24 mini or 12 regular cupcakes\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Cupcakes:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs46 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}2 cups all-purpose flour\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 teaspoons baking soda\
{\listtext	\'95	}3/4 teaspoon salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup hot water\
{\listtext	\'95	}3/4 cup mayonnaise\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/3 cup cocoa powder\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup granulated sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup chocolate chips\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 Tangerine Cheese Filling:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs46 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}3 cups ricotta cheese\
{\listtext	\'95	}3/4 cup powdered sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 tangerines, zested\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 Chocolate Ganache:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls3\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs46 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 cup heavy whipping cream\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/4 cups chocolate chips\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 Candied Tangerines:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls4\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs46 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}3 tangerines\
{\listtext	\'95	}Granulated sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}Tuile Cookie, recipe follows\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs46 \cf0 For the cupcakes: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Line a mini cupcake pan with 24 mini cupcake liners or a regular-size cupcake pan with 12 cupcake liners.\
Sift the flour, baking soda and salt into a medium bowl. Set the bowl aside. In the bowl of an electric stand mixer with a paddle attachment, mix the water, mayonnaise and cocoa powder together. Add the granulated sugar and flour mixture and mix on medium speed for 2 minutes. Using a bowl scraper, fold in the chocolate chips.\
Fill the cupcake liners two-thirds full with batter and bake until golden and baked through, 25 to 35 minutes. Cool the cupcakes completely.\
For the filling: In the bowl of an electric stand mixer with the paddle attachment, combine the ricotta cheese, powdered sugar and tangerine zest on low speed until all components are thoroughly combined.\
For the ganache: Bring the heavy whipping cream to a slight boil in a small saucepan over medium-high heat. Immediately remove from heat and pour over chocolate chips in a glass or heat resistant bowl. Gently stir the mixture until all of the chocolate chips have melted. Set in the refrigerator to expedite the cooling and thickening process.\
For the candied tangerines: Slice the tangerines into 12 medium-thin slices. Sprinkle a thick layer of sugar in a medium saucepan and lay the tangerine slices in the sugar. Sprinkle another thick layer of sugar over the top of the tangerine slices and cook the fruit over medium-high heat until caramel in color. Remove the pan from the heat and remove the tangerine slices onto a heat-resistant plate using tongs.\
To assemble: Core the cupcakes by taking a small knife to the center of each one and cutting in a circle from the top to bottom of the cake. Fill this hole with the tangerine cheese until the filling reaches the top of the cake. Using a knife, place a smattering of chocolate ganache on the top of the cupcake near the filling. Stick a wedge of the Tuile Cookie into the filling and garnish with a slice of candied tangerine.\
This recipe was created by a contestant during a cooking competition. The Food Network Kitchens have not tested it for home use, therefore, we cannot make any representation as to the results.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 Tuile Cookie:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls5\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs46 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 stick butter\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup powdered sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 egg whites\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup all-purpose flour\
{\listtext	\'95	}Purple food coloring\
{\listtext	\'95	}Vodka\
{\listtext	\'95	}Cornstarch\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Line a cookie sheet with parchment paper.\
In the bowl of an electric stand mixer with the paddle attachment, cream the butter and powdered sugar. Add the egg whites, one at a time, scraping the sides of the bowl after each addition. Add the vanilla extract and the flour and mix until all the ingredients are thoroughly combined.\
With an offset spatula, spread the tuile cookie dough onto the lined cookie sheet to about 1/8-inch thick. Bake until golden brown, 10 to 15 minutes. Cool completely.\
Mix the purple food coloring, vodka and cornstarch together until the desired consistency of food-safe paint is acquired. Using a medium round brush, splatter the paint onto the tuile cookie in an abstract fashion. Break the cookie into imperfect shapes (about 3-inch pieces).\
}