{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15180\viewh19700\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Chocolate-Cardamom Cupcakes with Chocolate Buttercream\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs32 \cf2 Makes:  
\b0 \cf0 50 mini cupcakes\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\fs42 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs40 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}4 ounces bittersweet chocolate (recommended: Callebaut)\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup boiling water\
{\listtext	\'95	}6 eggs, separated\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup (2 sticks) unsalted butter, softened\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 cups superfine sugar, divided\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon vanilla extract\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 cups rice flour (recommended: Bob's Red Mill)\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons cornstarch\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon baking powder\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon baking soda\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup buttermilk\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 cups Chocolate-Cardamom Ganache, recipe follows\
{\listtext	\'95	}Chocolate Buttercream, recipe follows\
	
\f0\b\fs42 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs40 \cf0 Preheat oven to 325 degrees F. Line mini cupcake pans with 48 mini cupcake liners.\
Melt the chocolate in the boiling water. In a small mixing bowl, beat the egg whites until frothy and stiff but not dry. Add 1/2 cup sugar and beat until stiff but not dry. Set aside. In the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, cream the butter with remaining 1 1/2 cups sugar and vanilla on medium speed until fluffy. Add the egg yolks and beat well. Blend in the melted chocolate. Sift together the rice flour, cornstarch, baking powder, baking soda, and salt in a large bowl. Alternate adding the flour mixture and the buttermilk to the chocolate mixture, beating after each addition until smooth. Fold in the Chocolate-Cardamom Ganache. Fold in the beaten whites. Fill the cupcake liners halfway and bake for 12 to 15 minutes.\
To assemble: When the cupcakes are cool to the touch, prepare a pastry bag fitted with a large round tip. Fill the bag with Chocolate Buttercream and pipe the tops of each mini cupcake, keeping the icing in low profile. \

\f0\b\fs42 Chocolate-Cardamom Ganache:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs40 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon cardamom pods, crushed\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup chopped bittersweet chocolate (recommended: Callebaut)\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup heavy cream\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Crush the cardamom in a spice grinder. Place the chocolate in a large heatproof bowl. Bring the cream and cardamom just to a simmer over medium-high heat; pour the mixture over the chocolate. Let stand, without stirring, until cool. Beginning near the center and working outward, stir the melted chocolate into the cream until the mixture is combined and smooth (do not over stir).\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs42 \cf0 Chocolate Buttercream:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls3\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs40 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}3 cups (6 sticks) unsalted butter, softened\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 1/4 cups semisweet chocolate, melted and cooled to lukewarm\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon vanilla extract\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 3/4 cups confectioners' sugar, sifted\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 In a medium bowl, beat the butter until creamy, about 3 minutes. Add the melted chocolate and beat until smooth. Add the vanilla extract and beat for 3 minutes. Gradually add the sugar and beat until creamy and at desired consistency.\
Cook's Note: To melt chocolate, place in a double boiler over simmering water on low heat for 5 to 10 minutes. Stir occasionally until completely smooth and no pieces of chocolate remain. Remove from the heat and let cool 5 to 10 minutes.\
}