{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;\red61\green61\blue61;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid4}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww18860\viewh19720\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Chocolate and Coffee Cupcakes\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\fs32 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 18 cupcakes\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients
\fs54 \cf3 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}2 cups granulated sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 cups cake flour (not self-rising)\
{\listtext	\'95	}3/4 teaspoon baking soda\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon fine sea salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}3/4 cup chopped unsweetened chocolate\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup hot, freshly brewed coffee\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup oil\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 large eggs, at room temperature\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup sour cream, at room temperature\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls3\ilvl0\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 Position an oven rack in the lower third of the oven and preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line 18 cupcake cups with paper liners.\
In the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, combine the sugar, flour, baking soda and sea salt. Let the mixer run on low for 2 to 3 minutes to incorporate air without sifting.\
Meanwhile, place the chocolate in a medium bowl, and pour the hot coffee and vanilla extract over the chocolate. Let the chocolate and coffee mixture stand for about 2 minutes to melt the chocolate, then stir until smooth. Set aside.\
In another medium bowl, whisk the oil and eggs together quickly so that they combine thoroughly. They will be thick and satiny, and light in color. Whisk in the sour cream but leave some visible streaks of white, being careful not to over mix. Pour in the melted chocolate mixture and mix until just combined. Add the chocolate and sour cream mixture to the dry ingredients in the mixing bowl fitted with the paddle attachment and mix on medium speed adding in thirds until just combined, 1 to 2 minutes.\
Remove the bowl from the mixer and incorporate with a rubber spatula any ingredients that may be hiding at the bottom of the bowl. The batter will be very wet and chocolaty, so it helps to transfer the batter into a liquid measuring cup to make it easier to pour.\
Pour the batter into the prepared cupcake pan, filling each baking cup about two-thirds full. Refill the measuring cup as needed and repeat until all of the cupcake cups are filled. Bake the cupcakes until a cake tester inserted in the center comes out clean, 20 to 25 minutes. Set aside to cool for at least 20 minutes. Once the cupcakes are cooled.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs50 \cf0 Vanilla Bean Cream Cheese Frosting
\fs30 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls4\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs44 \cf0 {\listtext	
\fs58 \'95	}
\fs44 1 cup {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/butter/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 unsalted butter}}, room temperature\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 (8-ounce) bar cream cheese, room temperature\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon vanilla {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/bean-sauces/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 bean paste}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 cups powdered sugar (about 2 pounds)\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon salt\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 In a large bowl using an electric mixer on low speed, beat the butter, cream cheese, and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/vanilla/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 vanilla bean}} paste until smooth and thoroughly blended. Slowly add the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/powdered-sugar/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 powdered sugar}} and salt. Mix until smooth.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\fs42 \cf0 \
}