{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 Cinnamon Sugar Graham Cupcakes\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs28 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 72 (6 dozen) mini cupcakes or 24 (2 dozen) regular\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs32 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}3 1/4 cups cake flour, sifted\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon baking powder\
{\listtext	\'95	}3/4 teaspoon salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup graham cracker crumbs\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup brown sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup unsalted butter, melted\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup or 2 sticks unsalted butter, room temperature\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 cups sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}5 large egg, separated into 5 yolks and reserving only 3 egg whites, room temperature\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 teaspoons Madagascar bourbon {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/extracts/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 vanilla extract}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 1/2 tablespoons ground cinnamon\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/3 cups whole milk, room temperature\
{\listtext	\'95	}Cinnamon Sugar Graham {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cream-cheese/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Cream Cheese}} {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/icing/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Icing}}, recipe follows\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line mini cupcake pans with 72 mini cupcake liners or line a regular-size cupcake or {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/muffin-pan/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 muffin pan}} with 24 cupcake liners.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sift/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Sift}} together the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cake/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cake}} flour, baking powder, and salt into a bowl, and set aside.\
Combine the graham cracker crumbs and brown sugar in a small bowl and pour in the melted butter. Stir until combined, and set aside.\
In the bowl of an electric mixer, fitted with the paddle attachment, beat the butter on medium speed until creamy. Gradually add the sugar and beat about 3 minutes more, or until light and fluffy. Scrape down the sides of the bowl. Reduce the speed to low and add the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/eggs/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 egg}} yolks one at a time, beating well after each addition. Scrape down the sides of the bowl. Beat in the vanilla extract and cinnamon. On low speed, mix in 1/3 flour mixture and 1/2 the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/milk/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 milk}}, repeat alternating between the flour and milk, beginning and ending with the flour mixture. Mix just until the flour is incorporated. Do not over beat once the flour mixture is added. Scrape down the sides of the bowl.\
With an electric hand {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/mixer/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 mixer}}, beat the egg whites until medium-stiff peaks form and fold into the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/batter/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 batter}}. Fold in the graham cracker-brown sugar mixture. Scoop the batter into the lined mini cupcake pan or regular-size cupcake pan. Bake 22 minutes for mini cupcakes or 27 minutes for regular-size cupcakes, or until a cake tester comes out clean. Cool the cupcakes completely before {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/frosting/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 frosting}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Cinnamon Sugar Graham Cream Cheese Icing:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup graham cracker crumbs\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup brown sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/butter/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 unsalted butter}}, melted\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 (8-ounce) package cream cheese, room temperature\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup unsalted butter, room temperature\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon Madagascar {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/bourbon/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 bourbon}} vanilla extract\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon ground cinnamon\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 cups confectioners' sugar, sifted\
{\listtext	\'95	}Graham cracker crumbs, for garnish\
{\listtext	\'95	}Cinnamon sugar graham crackers, for garnish\
{\listtext	\'95	}Ground cinnamon, for garnish\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Combine the graham cracker crumbs and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sugar/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 brown sugar}} in a small bowl and pour in the melted butter. Stir until combined and set aside.\
In the bowl of an electric mixer, fitted with the paddle attachment, beat together the cream cheese and butter on medium speed until smooth. Beat in the vanilla extract, cinnamon, and salt. Reduce the speed to low, and add the confectioners' sugar until well blended. Increase the speed to high and beat about 3 minutes more, or until light and creamy. Fold in the graham cracker-brown sugar mixture. Place the icing in {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/pastry-bag/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 pastry bag}} fitted with a pastry tip. Pipe the icing on the cooled cupcakes. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/garnish/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Garnish}} the cupcakes with {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/graham-cracker/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 graham cracker}} crumbs, a piece of cinnamon sugar graham cracker, and a sprinkling of {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cinnamon/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cinnamon}}.\
Yield: approximately 3 1/2 cups\
}