{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red51\green51\blue51;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16300\viewh18460\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs56 \cf0 Cupcakes That Fill Themselves
\f1\b0\fs36 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\ql\qnatural

\f0 \cf2 Makes 24 cupcakes\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa100\ql\qnatural

\b\fs48 \cf0 Ingredients
\f1\b0\fs26 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs46 \cf2 1 box Duncan Hines Devil's Food cake mix
\f1\fs54 \

\f0\fs46 1 (8 ounce) pkg. cream cheese, softened
\f1\fs54 \

\f0\fs46 1 large egg
\f1\fs54 \

\f0\fs46 1/3  cup sugar
\f1\fs54 \

\f0\fs46 1 teaspoon vanilla\
dash of salt
\f1\fs54 \

\f0\fs46 1 cup chocolate chips (mini, if desired or cinnamon chips)\
Cream Cheese Frosting (recipe below)\
\

\b Directions
\f1\b0\fs54 \

\f0\fs46 In a large bowl, prepare chocolate cake mix as directed on box. Set chocolate cake batter aside. In a medium size bowl, beat cream cheese, egg, sugar and vanilla until fluffy. Fold in chocolate chips. Place cupcake liners in your cupcake pan and scoop a tablespoon of the chocolate batter on the bottom of each. Next scoop a tablespoon of the cream cheese mixture on top of the chocolate layer. Finish by scooping a heaping tablespoon of the chocolate cake batter for the last layer. Bake at 350 F for 20 minutes.  Cool completely before frosting. \
                                                                                         \

\b Cream Cheese Frosting
\f1\b0\fs54 \

\f0\fs46 4 oz cream cheese, room temperature
\f1\fs54 \

\f0\fs46 1/4 c. butter, room temperature
\f1\fs54 \

\f0\fs46 4 c. powdered sugar
\f1\fs54 \

\f0\fs46 2-3 Tbs. milk
\f1\fs54 \

\f0\fs46 1-2 tsp. vanilla
\f1\fs54 \

\f0\fs46 Beat all ingredients in a large bowl until fluffy. You will have to add milk and powdered sugar as needed to achieve perfect consistency.\
Frost cooled cupcakes.}