{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red84\green84\blue84;\red51\green51\blue51;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl520\sa80\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs66 \cf0 Fresh Strawberry Cupcakes\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\fs40 \cf2 Yield:  \cf0 15 to 20 cupcakes\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\ql\qnatural

\fs52 \cf0 INGREDIENTS\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0\fs48 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}Strawberry Cake:\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 cups sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup unsalted butter\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 eggs, beaten\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 1/2 cups all-purpose flour\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoons baking soda\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon baking powder\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup milk\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon vanilla extract\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 cups finely diced fresh strawberries\
{\listtext	\'95	}\
{\listtext	\'95	}Vanilla Frosting:\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 1/4 cups confectioners' sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 tablespoons softened unsalted butter\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 to 3 tablespoons whole milk\
{\listtext	\'95	}3/4 teaspoon vanilla extract\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\ql\qnatural

\b\fs52 \cf0 DIRECTIONS\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa160\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs48 \cf3 For the cake: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line the cups of a muffin tin with paper liners. \uc0\u8232 \u8232 Mix together the sugar and butter in a large bowl until fluffy. Then add the eggs, one at a time, while mixing. Mix together the flour, baking soda, baking powder and salt in a separate bowl. Alternate additions of the milk and dry ingredients to the butter mixture while mixing. Mix in the vanilla and continue beating until the batter becomes thick and everything is completely mixed. Fold in the strawberries and then pour 1/4 cup batter into each muffin cup. Bake for 25 to 30 minutes. Let the cupcakes cool for 10 minutes before removing from the pan. \u8232 \u8232 For the frosting: Mix together the confectioners' sugar and butter in a small bowl until delightfully fluffy. Add the milk and vanilla and continue to mix until the frosting becomes smooth and delicious. Frost the cupcakes once they are cool. \u8232 }