{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid4}
{\list\listtemplateid5\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid5}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}{\listoverride\listid5\listoverridecount0\ls5}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs54 \cf0 Fudge, Mint and Raspberry Cupcakes\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs34 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 12 cupcakes\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs38 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs46 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Cupcakes:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs44 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 cup coconut milk\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon white vinegar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup all-purpose baking flour\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup unsweetened cocoa powder\
{\listtext	\'95	}3/4 teaspoon baking soda\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon double-acting baking powder\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 teaspoon plus 1/8 teaspoon xanthan gum\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 teaspoon salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}3/4 cup sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/3 cup vegetable oil\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs46 \cf0 Mint Frosting:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs44 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup butter\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 cups confectioners' sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons coconut milk\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 teaspoons mint extract\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon vanilla bean paste\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 teaspoon salt\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs46 \cf0 Raspberry Compote:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls3\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs44 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 cup fresh red raspberries\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon sugar\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs46 \cf0 Chocolate Ganache:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls4\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs44 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 cup chocolate chips\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs46 \cf0 Chocolate Cookie Crumbles:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls5\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs44 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 cup chocolate wafer cookies\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs46 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs44 \cf0 Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a traditional cupcake pan with 12 cupcake liners.\
Combine the coconut milk and vinegar and set aside. In a separate bowl, sift together the baking flour, cocoa powder, baking soda, baking powder, xanthan gum and salt. In a large bowl, combine the sugar, oil and vanilla extract with the milk and vinegar mixture and beat with an electric mixer for 1 minute. Add the dry ingredients to the wet ingredients and mix thoroughly.\
Fill the cupcake liners three-quarters full with batter and bake until the tops spring back when touched, about 22 minutes. Cool the cupcakes completely. Once cool, remove the cupcakes from the liners and cut horizontally in half creating 2 pieces.\
For the frosting: Whip the butter until it is white and creamy, about 3 minutes. Add the confectioners' sugar 1 cup at a time until thoroughly combined. Add the coconut milk, mint extract, vanilla bean paste and salt, and mix until smooth. Put the frosting in a piping bag and cut 1/2-inch off the tip.\
For the compote: Combine the raspberries and sugar in a small skillet and cook over low heat for 10 minutes, stirring occasionally. Remove from the heat and let cool.\
For the ganache: In a small saucepan, melt the chocolate chips over low heat, stirring frequently. Remove from the heat and let cool until it is still warm and easy to spread.\
For the cookie crumbles: Using a food processor, crush the cookies into crumbles.\
To assemble: Lift the top off of a cupcake and generously frost the bottom with mint frosting. Drizzle with raspberry compote and replace the top. Spread approximately 1 1/2 tablespoons chocolate ganache on the top, and then sprinkle with chocolate cookie crumbles.\
This recipe was created by a contestant during a cooking competition. The Food Network Kitchens have not tested it for home use, therefore, we cannot make any representation as to the results.\
}