{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11660\viewh10620\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Gingerbread Cupcakes with Orange Icing\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs32 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 12 cupcakes\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs36 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup dark rum or water\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup golden raisins\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 pound (1 stick) {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/butter/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 unsalted butter}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup unsulfured molasses\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup (8 ounces) {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sour-cream/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 sour cream}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 teaspoons grated orange zest\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 1/3 cups {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/flour/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 all-purpose flour}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}3/4 teaspoon baking soda\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 teaspoons ground ginger\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon ground cinnamon\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 teaspoon ground cloves\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon kosher salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/3 cup minced dried crystallized ginger (not in syrup)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 For the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/frosting/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 frosting}}\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}8 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 pound (1 stick) unsalted butter, at room temperature\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/zest/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 orange zest}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon pure {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/extracts/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 vanilla extract}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 pound confectioners' sugar, sieved\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 For the decoration:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls3\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}6 pieces dried crystallized ginger (not in syrup), sliced in half\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a muffin pan with paper liners.\
Place the rum and raisins in a small pan, cover, and heat until the rum boils. Turn off the heat and set aside. Place the butter and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/molasses/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 molasses}} in another small pan and bring to a boil over medium heat. Pour the mixture into the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment. Cool for 5 minutes, then mix in the sour cream and orange zest.\
Meanwhile, sift the flour, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/baking-soda/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 baking soda}}, ginger, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cinnamon/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cinnamon}}, cloves, and salt together into a small bowl. Mix with your hand until combined. With the mixer on low speed, slowly add the flour mixture to the molasses mixture and mix only until smooth. Drain the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/raisin/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 raisins}} and add them and the crystallized ginger to the mixture with a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/spatula/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 spatula}}.\
Divide the batter among the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/muffin-pan/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 muffin pan}} (1 rounded standard {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/ice-cream-scoop/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 ice cream scoop}} per cup is the right amount). Bake on the middle rack of the oven for 25 to 30 minutes, or until a toothpick comes out clean. Cool for 10 minutes before removing from the pan.\
For the frosting, mix the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cream-cheese/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cream cheese}}, butter, orange zest and vanilla in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment until just combined. Add the sugar and mix until smooth.\
When the cupcakes are cool, frost them generously and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/garnish/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 garnish}} with a slice of crystallized ginger.\
}