{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red121\green160\blue171;\red247\green247\blue247;\red157\green157\blue157;
\red232\green204\blue98;\red118\green118\blue118;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa200\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs56 \cf2 \cb3 Heath Bar Cupcakes\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri920\sl420\sa200\ql\qnatural

\b\fs22 \cf4 YIELD:
\b0\fs24  24 cupcakes\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\ql\qnatural

\fs36 \cf5 INGREDIENTS:\
FOR THE CUPCAKES\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa300\ql\qnatural

\fs30 \cf6 1 (18.25 ounce) package devil\'92s food cake mix\uc0\u8232 1 (5.9 ounce) package instant chocolate pudding mix\u8232 1 cup sour cream\u8232 1 cup vegetable oil\u8232 4 eggs, lightly beaten\u8232 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract\u8232 1 tablespoon instant espresso granules dissolved in 1/2 cup warm water\u8232 1 cup {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.amazon.com/Heath-English-Toffee-Bits-Unit/dp/B0007SNZ5C"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Heath English Toffee Bits}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\ql\qnatural

\fs36 \cf5 FOR THE BUTTERCREAM\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa300\ql\qnatural

\fs30 \cf6 4 sticks unsalted butter, softened\uc0\u8232 pinch of fine grain sea salt\u8232 1 tablespoon clear vanilla extract\u8232 2 pounds confectioners\'92 sugar, sifted\u8232 4-6 tablespoons heavy cream or milk\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\ql\qnatural

\fs36 \cf5 FOR THE GANACHE\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa300\ql\qnatural

\fs30 \cf6 4 oz bittersweet chocolate, chopped into very small pieces\uc0\u8232 1/2 cup heavy whipping cream\u8232 2 tablespoons honey\u8232 2 tablespoons light corn syrup\u8232 2 teaspoons vanilla\
5 1.4-ounce Heath Bars, chopped into large pieces\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\ql\qnatural

\fs36 \cf5 DIRECTIONS:\
FOR THE CUPCAKES\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa300\ql\qnatural

\fs30 \cf6 1. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Line muffin tin with paper liners or spray with non-stick cooking spray.\
2. In the bowl of a stand mixer, fitted with the paddle attachment, or with a hand mixer in a large bowl, beat together the cake and pudding mixes, sour cream, oil, eggs, vanilla and espresso water mixture. Beat for about two minutes on medium speed until well combined. Fold in Heath English Toffee Bits.\
3. Using a large cookie scoop, distribute the batter between 24 muffin wells; about 3 tablespoons of batter per well.\
4. Bake in preheated oven for 18-22 minutes or until the tops of the cakes spring back when lightly touched. Allow cupcakes to cool inside muffin tins for about 10 minutes.\
5. Remove cupcakes from muffin tins and allow to fully cool on a wire rack. Once cupcakes are cool, prepare your frosting.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\ql\qnatural

\fs36 \cf5 FOR THE BUTTERCREAM\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa300\ql\qnatural

\fs30 \cf6 1. In a large mixing bowl, cream butter until fluffy. Slowly add in confectioner\'92s sugar, and continue creaming until well blended.\
2. Add salt, vanilla, and 3 tablespoons of heavy cream or milk. Blend on low speed until moistened. Add an additional 1 to 3 tablespoons of heavy cream or milk until you reach the desired consistency. Beat at high speed until frosting is smooth and fluffy.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\ql\qnatural

\fs36 \cf5 FOR THE GANACHE\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa300\ql\qnatural

\fs30 \cf6 1. In a small saucepan over medium heat, warm the heavy cream until very hot, but not boiling.\
2. Place chocolate pieces in a heat safe bowl. Pour the hot cream over the chocolate and allow it to sit for about 5 minutes. Whisk the cream and chocolate until smooth and thoroughly combined. Whisk in the honey, corn syrup, and vanilla. Allow to cool for about 15 minutes. Do not let the glaze sit for too long or it will harden up before you spoon it over the frosting.\
3. Spoon the glaze on the tops of the frosted cupcakes, allowing it to drip down the sides a little bit. Don\'92t add too much glaze or it will drip all over your liners.\
4. Top each cupcake with a piece of Heath Bar.\
5. Store cupcakes in the refrigerator. Remove them to room temperature one hour before serving.\
}