{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid4}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww18240\viewh19980\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs90 \cf0 Jack and Coke Cupcakes
\b0\fs56 \
Yields 12\

\fs50 \

\b\fs78 Ingredients
\fs68 \
Cupcakes
\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 cups original Coke \
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup unsalted butter\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup unsweetened cocoa powder\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup packed dark brown sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 cups all-purpose flour\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon baking soda\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 eggs, room temperature\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 Ganache Filling
\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup semi-sweet or dark chocolate chips\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/3 cup heavy cream\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon butter, room temperature\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon Jack Daniels whiskey\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 Frosting
\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural
\ls3\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}3 cups powdered sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}3/4 stick unsalted butter, room temperature\
{\listtext	\'95	}3-5 tablespoons Jack Daniels whiskey\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon vanilla extract (optional)\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b\fs78 \cf0 Directions
\fs68 \
Cupcakes
\f1\b0 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 Preheat oven to 350 degrees, and line 12 cupcake cups with aluminum liners (or use silicon cupcake holders).
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 In a medium saucepan, combine Coke and butter and bring to a simmer over medium heat. Add cocoa powder, sugar, brown sugar and whisk until sugars are dissolved and mixture is smooth. Set aside to cool for 15 minutes or so.
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 In a medium bowl, whisk together flour, baking soda and salt. Set aside.
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 In a large bowl, lightly beat eggs. Add cooled cocoa mixture and stir to combine. Add flour mixture and stir until just combined.
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 Pour batter into cupcake liners, filling them 3/4 of the way. Bake for 15-20 minutes, until a toothpick stuck in the center comes out clean. Transfer cupcakes to wire rack to cool completely.\

\b Ganache Prep
\f1\b0 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 Place the chocolate chips in a small heatproof bowl. In a small saucepan, heat the cream until it's simmering and then pour it over the chocolate in the heatproof bowl. Let it sit for one minute and then stir until smooth. Add the butter and whiskey and stir until \
combined.
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 Let the ganache cool enough that it won't give you trouble when you place it in a piping bag.\
Cut the centers out of the cooled cupcakes - I used a small paring knife, but you could also use an apple corer.
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 Put the ganache into a piping bag with a wide tip and fill the holes in each cupcake to the top. You can also just put it in a plastic freezer bag and cut off a small corner.\

\b Frosting Prep
\b0 \
Whisk the butter in a large bowl with an electric mixer for a couple minutes until light and fluffy.\
Slowly add the powdered sugar, a few tablespoons at a time. Trust me - you don't want to pour it all in at once. \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural
\ls4\ilvl0\cf0 Once you've used about half your powdered sugar, add in a bit of\
whiskey and then mix\
again. This will thin it out a bit, allowing you to continue mixing\
in the remaining sugar.\
Continue to add a bit of whiskey and mix until you've used all the\
sugar. You can also add a teaspoon of vanilla extract if you want it\
to be less whiskey-y.\
Pipe the frosting onto the cupcakes however you'd like. \
}