{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Lavender Tangerine Dream Cupcakes\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs32 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 12 regular or 25 mini cupcakes\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs36 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Cake:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour\
{\listtext	\'95	}3/4 cup granulated sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon baking soda\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}3/4 cup tangerine juice\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/3 cup canola oil\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon white vinegar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon orange extract\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon vanilla extract\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 tablespoon poppy seeds\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Lavender Frosting:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}3 cups powdered sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup vegetable shortening, such as Organic Spectrum\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 tablespoon lavender extract\
{\listtext	\'95	}Pinch salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 tangerines, peeled and slices separated, for garnish\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 For the cake: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F 15. Line a cupcake pan with 12 regular-size cupcake liners or 24 mini cupcake liners.\
For the cake: Mix the flour, granulated sugar, baking soda and salt in a medium bowl. Combine the tangerine juice, canola oil, vinegar, orange extract and vanilla extract in a 5-quart mixer with a paddle attachment on first speed. Add the dry ingredients. Add the poppy seeds. Once all the dry ingredients are incorporated, turn the mixer up to second speed and mix well. Turn the mixer off.\
Fill the cupcake liners half full with batter. Bake until baked through, about 20 minutes. Cool the cupcakes completely.\
For the frosting: Whip the powdered sugar, vegetable shortening, 1/4 cup water, lavender extract and salt in a bowl with an electric mixer. Add additional water in very small amounts to get the creamy consistency if it is too thick. Put the frosting in a pastry bag and cut off 1/2-inch off the top.\
To assemble: Frost each cupcake with the lavender frosting. Place a tangerine slice on top.\
This recipe was created by a contestant during a cooking competition. The Food Network Kitchens have not tested it for home use, therefore, we cannot make any representation as to the results.\
}