{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs56 \cf0 Lavender Cupcakes\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs36 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 24 cupcakes\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs40 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs46 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs44 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}2 1/2 cups {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cake/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cake}} flour\
{\listtext	\'95	}8 tablespoons vanilla instant {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/pudding/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 pudding}} mix\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon baking powder\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 teaspoon {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/baking-soda/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 baking soda}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon kosher salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}5 whole eggs\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 teaspoon {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/extracts/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 vanilla extract}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup milk\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup half-and-half\
{\listtext	\'95	}3/4 cup butter\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 cups sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 ounces {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sour-cream/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 sour cream}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/mayonnaise/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 mayonnaise}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}25 drops lavender liquid herbal extract\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 teaspoon {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/star-anise/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 star anise}} extract\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 drops purple food color gel\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/vegetable-oils/index.html"}}{\fldrslt Vegetable oil}}\cf0  cooking spray\
{\listtext	\'95	}Lavender Buttercream, recipe follows\
{\listtext	\'95	}48 rice paper feathers, for {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/garnish/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 garnish}} (see Cook's Note)\
{\listtext	\'95	}24 fresh edible lavender flower petals, for garnish\
{\listtext	\'95	}24 large {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/candy/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 candy}} pearls, for garnish\
{\listtext	\'95	}Edible glitter\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs46 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs44 \cf0 Cook's Note: To make the rice paper feathers, cut out a 2 by 1-inch piece of rice paper. Take each piece and individually cut a tear drop shape. Fray the edges of the tear drop. Sheets of rice paper can be found at specialty food stores.\
Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F. Prepare a cupcake pan with 24 cupcake liners.\
Combine the flour, pudding mix, baking powder, baking soda, and salt in a medium bowl. Crack the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/eggs/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 eggs}} into a second bowl and add vanilla extract. Measure the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/milk/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 milk}} and half-and-half into a third bowl. In a 5-quart mixer with the paddle attachment, cream the butter until fluffy. Stop the mixer and scrape down the sides using a spatula. Turn the mixer on first speed, add the sugar, and mix until fluffy. Add the eggs 1 at a time. Scrape down the bowl. Add the sour cream and mayonnaise and incorporate completely. Scrape down the bowl. Add the dry ingredients, alternating with the wet. You will start and end with the dry ingredients. Mix the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/batter/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 batter}} until smooth and no lumps are present. Add the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/extracts/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 extracts}} and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/food-coloring/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 food coloring}} gel. Mix well using a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/spatula/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 spatula}} until all the color is incorporated completely.\
Fill the cupcake liners using a 2-ounce scoop. Spray the cupcake pan with the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cooking-spray/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cooking spray}} this is done after the liners are filled. Bake until golden brown and fluffy, 17 minutes. Let the cupcakes cool completely before decorating.\
To assemble: Place a round time #809 into a large piping bag. Fill with Lavender Buttercream and generously pipe onto each cupcake. Garnish each cupcake with 2 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/rice-paper/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 rice paper}} feathers, 1 small fresh lavender petals, and 1 large pearl. Sprinkle with edible glitter.\
This recipe was provided by professional chefs and has been scaled down from a bulk recipe provided by a restaurant. The Food Network Kitchens chefs have not tested this recipe, in the proportions indicated, and therefore, we cannot make any representation as to the results.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs46 \cf0 Lavender Buttercream:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs44 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}4 pounds butter, softened\
{\listtext	\'95	}8 ounces high ratio {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/shortening/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 shortening}} (recommended: Sweetex)\
{\listtext	\'95	}8 cups confectioners' sugar, sifted\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 tablespoons vanilla extract\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/lemon/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 lemon}} extract\
{\listtext	\'95	}3/4 teaspoon anise extract\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 tablespoons {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cherry/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cherry}} liqueur\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoons {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/vodka/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 vodka}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}20 drops lavender oil (recommended: Herb Farm)\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 to 4 drops purple food color gel\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 In a 5-quart mixer with the paddle attachment, cream the butter and shortening together. On first speed, add the sifted {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/powdered-sugar/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 powdered sugar}} to the bowl in 3 parts. Let each part incorporate into the butter mixture before adding the next. After adding all the sugar, put the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/mixer/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 mixer}} on the fourth (highest) speed and mix for 8 to 10 minutes. The {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/buttercream/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 buttercream}} will begin to gain volume and look white and fluffy. Once you bring the buttercream to full volume, add the extracts, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/liqueur/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 liqueur}}, vodka, and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/lavender/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 lavender}} oil and incorporate completely. Add purple food color to desired shade.\
Cook's Note: The longer you let it mix, the more volume you will have. If the buttercream is airy and shows a lot of holes, add a small amount of warm water and mix well.\
}