{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww19760\viewh16420\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 Mini Chocolate-Meringue Cupcakes\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs28 \cf2 Serves: 
\b0 \cf0 18 to 20 mini cupcakes\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Cupcakes:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}2 large egg yolks, at room temperature\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup vegetable oil\
{\listtext	\'95	}2/3 cup sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons unsweetened cocoa powder\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/8 teaspoon fine sea salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup semisweet chocolate chips, melted\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup cake flour\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 large egg whites, at room temperature\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Topping:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 cup semisweet chocolate chips, melted\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon vegetable oil\
{\listtext	\'95	}Special equipment: a (24-count) mini-muffin pan, 18 to 20 (1.25-inch diameter) paper mini-muffin cup liners\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 For the cupcakes: arrange an oven rack in the center of the oven and preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a 24-count mini-muffin pan with mini-muffin cup paper liners and set aside.\
In a medium bowl, using an electric hand {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/mixer/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 mixer}}, beat the egg yolks, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/vegetable-oils/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 vegetable oil}}, 1/3 cup of the sugar, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cocoa-powder/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cocoa powder}}, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/extracts/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 vanilla extract}}, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cinnamon/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cinnamon}}, and salt, at high speed until smooth, about 2 minutes. Mix in the melted chocolate chips and stir until smooth (mixture will be thick).\
In a separate bowl, using an electric hand mixer, beat the egg whites at high speed until they hold soft peaks, about 3 minutes. With the machine running, gradually add the remaining 1/3 cup sugar and continue to beat until the mixture holds stiff peaks, about 2 minutes. Stir 1/3 of the egg white mixture into the chocolate mixture. Using a spatula, fold the remaining egg white mixture. In batches, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sift/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 sift}} the flour over the batter and fold it in using a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/spatula/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 spatula}}. Fill each paper liner to the top with {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/batter/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 batter}} and bake for 12 minutes until puffed. Remove from the oven and let cool for 15 minutes.\
For the topping: In a small bowl, combine the melted chocolate chips and oil. Stir until smooth.\
Using a fork, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/drizzle/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 drizzle}} the chocolate mixture over the cupcakes. Allow the topping to harden for at least 1 1/2 hours at room temperature before serving. Store at room temperature in an airtight container.\
}