{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15440\viewh19180\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Oatmeal-Raisin Cupcakes, Orange Cream Cheese Icing\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs32 \cf2 Makes:  
\b0 \cf0 36 cupcakes\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs36 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}3 3/4 cups old-fashioned rolled oats, divided\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 1/2 cups all-purpose flour\
{\listtext	\'95	}2/3 cup oat bran\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon baking soda\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 teaspoons baking powder\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 teaspoons ground cinnamon\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 cups unsalted butter, room temperature\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup granulated sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup packed light brown sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 large eggs\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup sour cream\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 cup raisins\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup sweetened flaked coconut\
{\listtext	\'95	}Orange Cream Cheese Icing, recipe follows\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Line standard cupcake pans with 36 cupcake liners.\
Whisk 2 cups oats with the flour, oat bran, baking soda, baking powder, salt, and cinnamon in a medium bowl. In the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, cream the butter and both sugars on medium-high speed until pale and fluffy. Add the eggs, 1 at a time, beating until each is smooth, scraping down the sides of the bowl if needed. Beat in the vanilla. Turn the speed to low, add the flour mixture, and beat until combined. Beat in the sour cream. Stir in the raisins by hand. Transfer 2 3/4 cups batter to a small bowl, and then stir the coconut and the remaining 1 3/4 cups oats. Divide the plain batter among the cupcake liners, and then top each with 1 tablespoon oat-coconut batter. Bake until golden, rotating the pans halfway though, 18 to 20 minutes. Transfer the pans to wire racks to cool completely before removing the cupcakes.\
To assemble: Frost the cooled cupcakes with Orange Cream Cheese Icing.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Orange Cream Cheese Icing:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}4 ounces cream cheese, room temperature\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup unsalted butter, room temperature\
{\listtext	\'95	}Pinch salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 1/2 cups confectioners' sugar, sifted\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 teaspoons grated orange zest\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 teaspoons orange flavored liqueur or extract\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 In the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, beat the cream cheese, butter, and salt on medium-high speed until creamy. Turn the speed to low and beat in the confectioners' sugar, 1/2 cup at a time. Increase the speed to medium-high and beat until light and fluffy. Add the orange zest and liqueur, beating steadily until mixed. Refrigerate the frosting for 30 to 60 minutes to firm.\
}