{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13820\viewh18400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs50 \cf0 Orange Liqueur Cupcakes\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs30 \cf2 Makes:  
\b0 \cf0 30 cupcakes\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs34 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs42 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Cupcakes:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs40 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}16 tablespoons (2 sticks) butter\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 1/2 cups sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 1/2 cups {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/buttermilk/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 buttermilk}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 teaspoons orange extract\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 eggs\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 3/4 cups {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/flour/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 all-purpose flour}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 1/2 teaspoons baking powder\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 1/2 teaspoons {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/baking-soda/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 baking soda}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons orange liqueur (recommended: Grand Marnier)\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/orange/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 oranges}}, zested\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs42 \cf0 Orange Liqueur {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/frosting/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Frosting}}:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs40 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 pound (4 sticks) butter\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup honey\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon orange extract\
{\listtext	\'95	}Pinch salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 pounds {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/powdered-sugar/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 powdered sugar}}, divided\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 cups {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cocoa-powder/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cocoa powder}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cream/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 heavy cream}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons orange liqueur (recommended: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/grand-marnier/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Grand Marnier}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs42 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs40 \cf0 For the cupcakes: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/muffin-tin/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 muffin tins}} with cupcake liners.\
In a stand mixer with the paddle attachment, cream together the butter and sugar. In a separate bowl, whisk together the buttermilk, extract and eggs. In another bowl, sift the flour, baking powder and baking soda. Add the orange liqueur and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/zest/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 orange zest}}.\
Alternate the egg mixture and flour mixture into the butter and sugar until well combined. Make sure to scrape down the sides of the bowl and mix well. Spoon the mixture into the prepared muffin tins. Bake until a toothpick inserted into the center of the cupcakes comes out clean, about 35 minutes. Let cool completely before frosting. While the cupcakes are baking, make the frosting.\
For the frosting: Beat the butter, honey, orange extract and salt until smooth. Then slowly add the powdered sugar, 1 cup at a time, the cocoa powder, heavy cream and orange liqueur.\
Refrigerate the frosting until the cupcakes are cooled, about 30 minutes. Frost each cupcake and serve.\
}