{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Peach Mimosa Cupcakes with Champagne Meringue\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs32 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 24 cupcakes\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Peach Mimosa Cupcakes:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}7 ounces unsalted butter\
{\listtext	\'95	}12 ounces granulated sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}5 1/2 ounces egg whites (from 4 eggs)\
{\listtext	\'95	}13 ounces cake flour\
{\listtext	\'95	}3/4 ounce baking powder\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons peach syrup\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/8 cup buttermilk\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 peaches, chopped\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Champagne Meringue:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}7 ounces granulated sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}5 1/2 ounces egg whites\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon cream of tartar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup Champagne\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 For the peach mimosa cupcakes: Preheat the oven to 275 degrees F on the convection setting. Line a cupcake pan with 24 cupcake liners.\
In a mixer with a paddle attachment, cream the butter on medium for 3 minutes. Gradually add in the sugar and mix for 2 minutes. Scrape the bowl and add all of the egg whites and mix for 2 minutes. Combine the cake flour and baking powder in a medium bowl and whisk. In another bowl, add the peach syrup to the buttermilk. Add in one-third of the dry mixture, and then add one-third of the buttermilk mixture. Continue this process until all ingredients are incorporated. Fold in the peaches. Fill the prepared cupcake pan three-quarters full with the cupcake batter. Then bake until the top springs back to the touch, about 20 minutes. Let the cupcakes cool completely.\
For the meringue: Bring a small amount of water in a medium double boiler pot to a simmer. In a medium bowl, mix the sugar and egg whites with a whisk until combined. Place the bowl on top of the double boiler and whisk constantly until the temperature reads 140 degrees F on a candy thermometer. Remove from the heat and transfer to a mixer. Mix on high speed with a whisk attachment for 5 minutes. Add the cream of tartar. Mix for 2 more minutes and slowly add in the Champagne until completely combined. Mix the meringue until it is shiny and stiff peaks form.\
To assemble: Top the cooled cupcakes with the meringue and torch until slightly browned.\
}