{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red102\green102\blue102;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14940\viewh19300\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260\qj

\f0\b\fs38 \cf2 Raspberry Chocolate Cupcakes
\b0 \uc0\u8232 3 ounces unsweetened chocolate, chopped\u8232 1 cup flour\u8232 1/2 tsp baking powder\u8232 1/2 teaspoon baking soda\u8232 1/4 teaspoon salt\u8232 1/2 cup unsalted butter, room temperature\u8232 1 cup sugar\u8232 2 eggs\u8232 1/2 cup sour cream\u8232 1 tsp vanilla extract\u8232 1 tbsp raspberry extract\
1. Sift flour, baking powder, baking soda, and salt in a bowl. Set aside.\uc0\u8232 2. In a double boiler (or a bowl over a pot of simmering water), stir chocolate until melted and smooth. Remove bowl from heat.\u8232 3. In a large bowl, beat butter and sugar until smoothly blended and creamy, about 2 minutes. Add the chocolate from step 2, and mix evenly.\u8232 4. Beat in the eggs one at a time, then the vanilla, raspberry extract, and sour cream.\u8232 6. Add the flour mixture in 3 parts, until it is incorporated and batter looks smooth.\u8232 7. Fill cupcake liners 2/3 full. Do not be tempted to overfill, or they will sink in the middle! Bake at 350\'b0 until toothpick comes out clean (about 15-20 minutes for large cupcakes, and 10-12 minutes for mini cupcakes)\

\b Raspberry Cream Cheese Frosting
\b0 \uc0\u8232 8 ounces cream cheese\u8232 1/4 cup unsalted butter, room temperature\u8232 2-4 cups sifted powdered sugar\u8232 1/2 teaspoon of raspberry extract\u8232 Red food coloring\
1. Beat butter vigorously with an electric mixer.\uc0\u8232 2. Scrape the bowl and add the cream cheese and beat until combined.\u8232 3. Mix in raspberry extract and a few drops of food coloring for pink color.\u8232 4. Add the powdered sugar in parts, beating until smooth. Continue to add powdered sugar until desired consistency.}