{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs60 \cf0 Red Velvet Cupcakes
\f1\b0\fs44 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs36 \cf0 Makes:  15 cupcakes
\fs44 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs46 \cf0 Ingredients
\f1\b0\fs44 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural
\cf0 2 1/2 cups all-purpose flour\
1/4 cup unsweetened cocoa powder, such as Pernigotti\
1 teaspoon baking powder\
1 teaspoon baking soda\
1 teaspoon kosher salt\
1 cup buttermilk, shaken\
1 tablespoon liquid red food coloring\
1 teaspoon white vinegar\
1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract\
1/4 pound (1 stick) unsalted butter, at room temperature\
1 1/2 cups sugar\
2 extra-large eggs, at room temperature\
Red Velvet Frosting, recipe follows\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs46 \cf0 Directions
\f1\b0\fs44 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line muffin tins with paper liners.\
In a small bowl, sift together the flour, cocoa powder, baking powder, baking soda, and salt. In a large measuring cup, combine the buttermilk, food coloring, vinegar, and vanilla.\
In the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, beat the butter and sugar on medium speed for 1 minute, until light. Add the eggs, one at a time, and beat until combined. With the mixer on low speed, add the dry ingredients and the wet ingredients alternately in 3 parts, beginning and ending with the dry ingredients, and mix until combined. Stir with a rubber spatula to be sure the batter is mixed.\
Scoop the batter into the muffin cups with a 2 1/4-inch ice cream scoop or large spoon. Bake for 25 to 30 minutes, until a toothpick inserted in the centers comes out clean. Cool completely in the pans and frost the cupcakes with Red Velvet Frosting.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs46 \cf0 Red Velvet Frosting:
\f1\b0\fs44 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural
\cf0 8 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature\
12 tablespoons (1 1/2 sticks) unsalted butter, at room temperature\
1/2 teaspoon pure vanilla extract\
3 1/2 cups sifted confectioners' sugar (3/4 pound)\
Place the cream cheese, butter, and vanilla in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, and mix on medium speed just until combined. Don't whip! Add the sugar and mix until smooth.\
\
\
\
}