{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;\red255\green151\blue41;\red85\green85\blue85;
\red62\green62\blue62;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid4}
{\list\listtemplateid5\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid5}
{\list\listtemplateid6\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid6}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}{\listoverride\listid5\listoverridecount0\ls5}{\listoverride\listid6\listoverridecount0\ls6}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16160\viewh20240\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs58 \cf0 Spicy Double Dark Chocolate Cupcakes\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs38 \cf2 Serves:\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf0 12 cupcakes\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs42 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 pound 6 ounces {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/flour/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 all-purpose flour}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 2/3 teaspoons baking powder\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 2/3 teaspoons {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/baking-soda/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 baking soda}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 ounces dry chocolate pudding mix\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/8 cup {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/wheat-germ/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 wheat germ}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon ground {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/white-pepper/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 white pepper}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/3 teaspoons salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 pound 12 ounces {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sugar/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 granulated sugar}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}9 ounces {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/vegetable-shortening/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 vegetable shortening}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}6 whole eggs\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 ounce plus 1 1/2 teaspoons pure {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/extracts/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 vanilla extract}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}6 ounces unsweetened {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cocoa-powder/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cocoa powder}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}8 ounces {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/chocolate/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 dark chocolate}}, chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}Cognac Cherries Filling, recipe follows\
{\listtext	\'95	}Pistachio Mascarpone Frosting, recipe follows\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a regular cupcake pan with 12 cupcake liners.\
Sift the flour, baking powder and baking soda into a small bowl. Add the pudding mix, wheat germ, pepper and salt to the flour mixture and set the bowl aside.\
In a bowl of an electric stand mixer with a paddle attachment, cream the sugar and shortening together, until the mixture is fluffy, about 5 minutes. Scrape down the bowl and then slowly add the eggs, one egg at a time, scraping the sides of the bowl after each addition. Add the vanilla extract.\
While adding the eggs, put 2 3/4 cups water in a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/saucepan/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 saucepan}} and bring to a boil. Remove from the heat once the water boils. Put the cocoa powder in a medium bowl and pour the boiling water over, whisking until smooth.\
Turn off the mixer and add the liquid cocoa to the batter. Let the mixture come together then add the dry ingredients to the batter. Remove the bowl from the electric mixer and scrape the bowl to incorporate all the ingredients. Fold in the chopped dark chocolate.\
Fill the prepared liners three-quarters full with batter and bake until a toothpick comes out clean, 18 to 20 minutes. Let the cupcakes cool completely.\
To assemble: Fill the center of the cupcakes with the Cherry Filling and top with the Pistachio Mascarpone Frosting.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Cognac Cherry Filling:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}8 ounces cherries, chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 ounces cognac\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Mix the cherries and cognac together in a bowl and let sit for 10 to 15 minutes.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Pistachio Mascarpone Frosting:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls3\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}10 ounces {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/mascarpone/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 mascarpone cheese}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/pistachio/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 pistachio}} compound (recipe below)\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/almond-extract/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 almond extract}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}7 ounces {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/powdered-sugar/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 powdered sugar}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Cream the cheese with the compound and extract (don't over mix). Add the powdered sugar to taste.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa100\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs50 \cf3 HOMEMADE PISTACHIO PASTE (or COMPOUND)
\fs30 \cf4 \

\b0 \uc0\u8232 
\fs48 500 g shelled pistachios (454 g = 1 pound) \uc0\u8232 125 g white almond powder (120 g = 4 ounces)(recipe below)\u8232 250 g sugar = (240 g = 8 oz.)\u8232 7 cl water (
\f2\fs40 \cf0 5 centiliters (cl) = 1/4 cup)
\f0\fs48 \cf4 \uc0\u8232 a few drops bitter almond extract\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa280\ql\qnatural
\cf4 Pound the pistachios in a heavy mortar.\
This is heavy work and it takes a very long time to obtain a fine powder.\
Using an electrical kitchen mixer can help but is no panacea as the pistachio crumbles will pile up on each side until the blade runs on empty space.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
\cf4 The paste starts to look like baklava offal.
\fs54 \

\fs48 Mix in the ground almonds.
\fs54 \
\

\fs48 Add one or two drops of 
\b bitter almond extract
\b0 . This is a very potent substance and it will quickly overwhelm the pistachios - be careful.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl520\ql\qnatural

\f3\b\fs50 \cf5 How To Make Fresh, Homemade Almond Meal (or Powder)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa360\ql\qnatural
\ls4\ilvl0
\f2\fs30 \cf0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl360\sa360\ql\qnatural
\ls4\ilvl0
\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}Almonds- Whole with skin\
{\listtext	\'95	}Electric coffee bean grinder\
{\listtext	\'95	}Flour sifter\
{\listtext	\'95	}Storage container\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl360\sa360\ql\qnatural
\ls5\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	1.	}Place 1/2 cup whole, unblanched almonds in a clean electric coffee bean grinder.\
{\listtext	2.	}Put the lid on the coffee bean grinder and pulse several times until a medium-fine textured meal forms. Don't over-grind or you will make almond butter!\
{\listtext	3.	}Put ground almond meal in a clean flour sifter. Sift almond meal. Place any large particles of almonds back in coffee bean grinder and pulse again. Sift reremaining almond meal.\
{\listtext	4.	}That's it. Use any nut to make fresh, delicious nut meals using this simple technique.\
{\listtext	5.	}Almond meal may be available at Trader Joe's.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa360\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 Tips:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl360\sa360\ql\qnatural
\ls6\ilvl0
\b0 \cf0 {\listtext	1.	}Do not over-grind the almonds or you will end up with almond butter.\
{\listtext	2.	}Use a flour sifter free of any gluten cross-contamination. Make your sifter a "dedicated" gluten free flour sifter- use only gluten free ingredients in it!\
{\listtext	3.	}Store-bought almond meal is frequently made with blanched almonds- almonds that have had the skins removed. I like to use almonds with their skins on because the skin contains healthy antioxidants.\
{\listtext	4.	}Always store almond meal in a labeled container in the refrigerator or freezer.
\f0\fs72 \cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs42 \cf0 \
\
\
}