{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww19820\viewh20240\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs54 \cf0 Strawberry and Mascarpone Filled Cupcakes
\f1\b0\fs34 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\b \cf2 Serves: 
\b0 \cf0 12 servings\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs38 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 box vanilla cake mix (like Duncan Hines Moist Deluxe French Vanilla cake)\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 (8-ounce) container {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/mascarpone/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 mascarpone}} cheese, chilled\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup thawed and drained frozen strawberries\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup sugar, plus 1/2 cup\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon lemon juice\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup water\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/extracts/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 vanilla extract}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 cups confectioners' sugar\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 Special equipment: 1 muffin tin\
\
Make the cupcakes according to package instructions. Lightly {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/grease/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 grease}} the muffin tin and fill the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/batter/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 batter}} almost to the rim of each muffin cup. Bake according to package directions and let cool.\
\
In a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/food-processor/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 food processor}} combine the mascarpone cheese, strawberries, 1/4 cup sugar, and lemon juice. Process the mixture until smooth. Transfer the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/strawberry/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 strawberry}} mixture to a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/pastry-bag/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 pastry bag}} fitted with a small tip. Push the tip gently into the bottom of a cupcake and squeeze in the strawberry mixture until the cupcake plumps. Continue with the remaining cupcakes.\
\
In a small {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/saucepan/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 saucepan}} bring the 1/2 cup sugar, water, and vanilla extract to a simmer over medium heat. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/simmer/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Simmer}} until the sugar is dissolved. In a medium bowl combine the vanilla syrup with the confectioner's sugar. Stir until smooth. Working quickly, use a rubber spatula spread the icing on the top of the cupcakes. If the icing begins to firm up, place in the microwave for a few seconds to warm up again.}