{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red84\green84\blue84;\red51\green51\blue51;\red0\green101\blue159;
}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid4}
{\list\listtemplateid5\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid5}
{\list\listtemplateid6\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid6}
{\list\listtemplateid7\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid7}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}{\listoverride\listid5\listoverridecount0\ls5}{\listoverride\listid6\listoverridecount0\ls6}{\listoverride\listid7\listoverridecount0\ls7}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl520\sa80\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs66 \cf0 Thin Mint Cupcakes\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\fs40 \cf2 Yield:  \cf0 24 cupcakes\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\ql\qnatural

\fs52 \cf0 INGREDIENTS\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0\fs48 \cf0 CHOCOLATE COOKIE CRUST:\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 cups crushed chocolate wafers\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 stick unsalted butter, melted\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 CHOCOLATE CUPCAKES:\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 1/4 cups sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 3/4 cups all-purpose flour\
{\listtext	\'95	}3/4 cup plus 1 tablespoon cocoa\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 teaspoons baking powder\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 teaspoons baking soda\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon salt\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls3\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}2 large eggs\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup whole milk\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup vegetable oil\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup boiling water\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls4\ilvl0\cf0 MINT BUTTERCREAM:\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 sticks unsalted butter, softened\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 cups confectioners' sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}Pinch of salt\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls5\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon mint extract\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 drop green food coloring, optional\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls6\ilvl0\cf0 MINT CHOCOLATE GANACHE:\
{\listtext	\'95	}8 ounces bittersweet chocolate, chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon unsalted butter\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls7\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 cup heavy cream\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 teaspoons mint extract\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\ql\qnatural

\b\fs52 \cf0 DIRECTIONS\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa160\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs48 \cf3 Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line 24 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/muffin/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 muffin}} cups with liners. \uc0\u8232 For the crust: In a small bowl, stir together the crushed {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cookie/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 cookies}} and butter until combined. Divide among the prepared cupcake cups. Using a small juice glass or your fingers, press the crumbs into the bottom of the cupcake liners. Bake until fragrant, about 8 minutes. Set aside to cool completely. \uc0\u8232 For the cupcakes: In a large bowl, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/whisk/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 whisk}} together the sugar, flour, cocoa, baking powder, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/baking-soda/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 baking soda}} and salt. Add the eggs, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/milk/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 milk}}, oil and vanilla and, using a hand mixer, beat on medium speed, 2 minutes. Stir in the boiling water. Pour the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/batter/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 batter}} into the prepared cupcake liners (about 3/4 full). Bake until a wooden pick inserted in the center comes out clean, 17 to 20 minutes. Cool 10 minutes in the pan. Remove the cupcakes from the tins and transfer to a wire rack to cool completely. \uc0\u8232 For the buttercream: Meanwhile, in the bowl of an electric {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/mixer/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 mixer}}, beat the butter until light and fluffy. Gradually add the confectioners' {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sugar/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 sugar}} until combined. Stir in the salt, mint extract and, if using, food coloring. Beat until creamy, about 2 minutes. Transfer the buttercream to a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/pastry-bag/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 pastry bag}} fitted with a medium round tip. \uc0\u8232 Using an apple {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/corer/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 corer}}, remove the center of the cupcake down to the cookie crust. Fill the cupcakes with buttercream and smooth the tops with an offset {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/spatula/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 spatula}}. Set aside. \uc0\u8232 For the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/ganache/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 ganache}}: Place the chocolate in a medium bowl. In a medium {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/saucepan/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 saucepan}}, heat the butter and heavy cream until {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/steaming/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 steaming}} (do not boil). Add the extract. Pour the hot cream over the chocolate and let stand 3 minutes. Using a rubber spatula, stir until smooth. Let cool slightly, about 5 minutes. \uc0\u8232 Dip the tops of the cupcakes into the melted chocolate (dipping until the chocolate meets the liner). Let the cupcakes set on a wire rack before serving, about 1 hour. \
}