{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red84\green84\blue84;\red51\green51\blue51;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl520\sa80\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs66 \cf0 Tiramisu Cupcakes\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\fs40 \cf2 Yield:  \cf0 12 cupcakes\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\ql\qnatural

\fs52 \cf0 INGREDIENTS\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0\fs48 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}Espresso Syrup:\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup hot espresso\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons raw sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon rum\
{\listtext	\'95	}Cupcakes:\
{\listtext	\'95	}6 eggs, at room temperature\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup fine raw sugar or organic sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon rum\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup all-purpose flour\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1/4 teaspoon sea salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/3 cup unsalted butter, melted, plus more for greasing\
{\listtext	\'95	}Icing:\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 cups mascarpone, at room temperature\
{\listtext	\'95	}3/4 cup icing sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}Garnish:\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 ounces dark chocolate, shaved\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\ql\qnatural

\b\fs52 \cf0 DIRECTIONS\
DIRECTIONS\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa160\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs48 \cf3 Making the espresso syrup: Into a bowl, pour the hot espresso, sugar, and rum. Stir until dissolved. \uc0\u8232 \u8232 Making the cupcake batter: In the large bowl of a stand mixer with the whisk attachment, beat the eggs with the sugar and rum until thick and pale and tripled in volume, about 8 minutes. In another large bowl, sift together the flour and salt using a wire-mesh sieve. Delicately fold one-third of the flour mixture into the egg mixture. Repeat two more times, until all the flour is incorporated into the egg mixture. Delicately fold in the melted butter. \u8232 \u8232 Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line and butter a 12-cup muffin tin. \u8232 \u8232 Making the cupcakes: Divide the batter equally among the prepared muffin cups. Bake on the center rack until the cupcakes are slightly golden around the edges and a toothpick comes out clean, 15 to 20 minutes. Let cool on a rack for 10 minutes. \u8232 \u8232 Making the icing: In a medium bowl, combine the mascarpone, icing sugar and 3 tablespoons espresso syrup. Beat with a hand mixer until smooth. Set aside. \u8232 \u8232 Brush each cooled cupcake generously with the remaining espresso syrup. Using a pastry bag or butter knife, ice each cupcake with 1/4 cup icing. Garnish with dark chocolate shavings. Refrigerate for 1 hour, or enjoy right away.}