{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Valentine's Cupcakes\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs32 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 24 cupcakes\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs36 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}2 1/2 cups {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/flour/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 all-purpose flour}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon baking powder\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon baking soda\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 sticks {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/butter/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 butter}}, softened\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 cups sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/extracts/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 vanilla extract}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}5 eggs\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup whole milk\
{\listtext	\'95	}Colored sprinkles, for decorating\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/candy/index.html"}}{\fldrslt Candy}}\cf0  hearts, for decorating\
{\listtext	\'95	}Sweet Vanilla {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/frosting/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Frosting}}, recipe follows\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F.\
In a medium bowl, whisk together the flour, baking powder, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/baking-soda/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 baking soda}}, and salt, set aside.\
In large bowl, add the butter and sugar. Beat with an electric hand {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/mixer/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 mixer}} until light and fluffy. Add the eggs and vanilla and mix well. Slowly alternate between adding the milk and the flour mixture, ending with milk.\
Line 2 (12 capacity) cupcake pans with Valentine's Day paper liners. Using a standard {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/ice-cream-scoop/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 ice-cream scoop}}, fill each liner 2/3 full. Bake until a cake tester inserted in the center comes out clean about 18 to 20 minutes Remove the pans from the oven and put on a wire rack to cool completely.\
Frost the cupcakes with Sweet Vanilla Frosting. Use an offset {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/spatula/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 spatula}} or butter knife to spread the frosting on top of the cooled cupcakes. Decorate with sprinkles and candy hearts. Enjoy with your loved ones!\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Sweet Vanilla Frosting:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}2 sticks butter, softened\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 cups {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/powdered-sugar/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 powdered sugar}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup whole milk\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon vanilla extract\
{\listtext	\'95	}5 drops red {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/food-coloring/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 food coloring}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 In a large bowl add the butter and a few cups of sugar. Beat together until combined. Slowly alternate between adding the remaining sugar with the wet ingredients, being careful not to over beat.\
}