{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red51\green51\blue51;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17660\viewh16940\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs50 \cf2 Vanilla Bean Cupcakes with Salted Caramel Frosting\

\itap1\trowd \taflags4 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth17320\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt220 \clpadl220 \clpadb220 \clpadr220 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs32 \cf2 Makes 24 cupcakes\
\
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\fs44 \cf2 \ul \ulc2 Cupcakes\ulnone :\
2 cups cake flour\
2 teaspoons baking powder\
1 teaspoon salt\
1 1/2 sticks unsalted butter, softened\
1 1/2 cups sugar\
seeds from 1 vanilla bean\
2 large egg whites\
2 large eggs\
3/4 cup whole milk\
\
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees.\'a0 Line 2 muffin pans with paper cups.\'a0 \
Whisk the flour, baking powder & salt in a bowl.\'a0 Set aside.\'a0 Beat the butter in a mixer, fitted with the paddle attachment, on medium speed, until light & fluffy.\'a0 Add the sugar & vanilla seeds, beat until combined.\'a0 Add the egg whites & then the whole eggs, one at a time, beating after each addition.\'a0 Scrape down the bowl, as needed.\'a0 Add the milk & beat to combine.\'a0 Turn the mixer down to low & slowing add the flour mixture.\'a0 Beat until just incorporated.\'a0 \
Pour the batter into the paper liners, until 1/2 full.\'a0 Bake for about 18 minutes, rotating the pans halfway through the cooking time, until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean.\
Let the cupcakes cool on a wire rack completely before frosting.\
\

\b\fs46 \ul Caramel Frosting
\b0\fs44 \ulnone \
1/4 cup sugar\
2 tablespoons water\
1/4 cup heavy cream\
1 teaspoon vanilla extract\
1 1/2 sticks unsalted butter, softened\
1 teaspoon kosher salt\
1 cup powdered sugar\
\
Combine the sugar & water in a small saucepan.\'a0 Bring to a boil & cook, without stirring, until it turns a dark amber color, about 6-7 minutes.\'a0 Remove from the heat & slowly stir in the heavy cream & vanilla.\'a0 
\i The mixture will bubble up quite a bit, so do this slowly, stirring as you pour!
\i0 \'a0 Set aside until cool to the touch.\
Beat the butter & salt in a mixer, fitted with the paddle attachment, on medium speed, until light & fluffy.\'a0 Reduce the speed to low & add the powdered sugar.\'a0 Beat until completely incorporated.\'a0 Turn off the mixer, scrape down the bowl & pour in the caramel.\'a0 Turn the mixer back on & beat until light & fluffy, about 2 minutes.\'a0 Transfer the frosting to an airtight container & chill for at least 45 minutes before using.\

\i Note: The frosting can be made ahead of time & stored in an airtight container for up to 7 days.\'a0 Let the frosting come to room temperature before using.\'a0 
\f0\i0 \

\f1 \
\
\cell \lastrow\row
}