{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14000\viewh15940\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs58 \cf0 Baked Salmon with Blackberry Ginger Glaze
\f1\b0\fs38 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\b \cf2 Serves: 
\b0 \cf0 4 servings\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 cup water\
{\listtext	\'95	}12 ounces blackberries\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 (1-inch) piece {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/ginger/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 ginger}}, peeled and sliced into coins\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 lemon, juice\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sugar/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 sugar}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon olive oil\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 (8-ounce) skinless {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/salmon/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 salmon}} fillets\
{\listtext	\'95	}Salt and freshly ground black pepper\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.\
In a small saucepot over medium-high heat, combine water, blackberries, ginger and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/lemon/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 lemon}} juice. Bring to a boil, reduce to a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/simmer/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 simmer}} and cook until berries break down, about 5 minutes. Remove from heat and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/strain/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 strain}} into a bowl, using the back of a spoon to push blackberry pulp through. Return blackberry mixture to the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sauce/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 sauce}} pot, add sugar and bring to a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/boil/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 boil}}. Lower the heat and simmer until reduced by half, about 20 minutes, stirring occasionally to avoid burning. Remove from heat and let cool.\
Brush a baking sheet with olive oil and set fillets on top. Brush fillets with oil and season with salt and pepper. Once {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/blackberry/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 blackberry}} mixture is cool, brush over salmon fillets and bake for 4 minutes. Brush again with blackberry mixture. Turn oven to {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/broil/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 broil}} and broil another 3 minutes.\
\
}