{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13380\viewh14940\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 Beer Battered Cod and Sweet Potato Fries\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs28 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 4 servings\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs42 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Caper Lemon Tartar Sauce:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs44 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 cup mayo\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons capers, drained and chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons pickle relish\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 teaspoons white wine vinegar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce\
{\listtext	\'95	}Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper
\fs42 \
	\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b \cf0 Fish:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0 \cf0 {\listtext	
\fs44 \'95	}6 cups peanut oil, for frying\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 cups plus 1/2 cup flour\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon baking powder\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 teaspoon table salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}One 12-ounce bottle good beer (Irish stout preferred)\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 egg, lightly beaten\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 pound cod fillet, cut into pieces the length of the buns\
{\listtext	\'95	}Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper
\fs42 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\fs40 \cf0 		\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs42 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs44 \cf0 For the caper lemon tartar sauce: Mix the mayo, capers, relish, lemon juice, vinegar and Worcestershire sauce in a bowl. Season with salt and pepper, cover and refrigerate for 15 minutes marry the flavors.\
For the fish: Heat the oil to 375 degrees F in a heavy-bottomed Dutch oven or deep fryer.\
Whisk 2 cups flour, baking powder and salt into a bowl. Add the beer and egg and mix until combined.\
Sprinkle the fish with salt and pepper. Dredge the fish in the remaining 1/2 cup flour, shake off any excess, then dunk into the batter mixture, letting the excess drip off. Fry the fish in the hot oil until golden brown and crispy, 4 to 5 minutes.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\fs42 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 Sweet Potato Fries\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs28 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 4 servings\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs46 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls3\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs44 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}6 cups {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/peanut-oil/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 peanut oil}}, for frying\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon kosher salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon garlic powder\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon smoked {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/paprika/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 paprika}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/8 teaspoon sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cornstarch/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cornstarch}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}3/4 cup {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/club-soda/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 club soda}}, cold\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 pounds {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sweet-potato/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 sweet potatoes}}, cut into 1/2 by 1/4-inch fries\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs46 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs44 \cf0 Heat the oil to 375 degrees F in a heavy-bottomed {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/dutch-oven/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Dutch oven}} or deep fryer. Preheat the oven to 200 degrees F.\
Mix the salt, garlic powder, paprika and sugar in a bowl and set aside.\
Whisk the cornstarch and club soda in a mixing bowl. In batches, dip the potatoes in the batter, allow any excess to drip off and hold on a wire rack. Repeat with rest of the potatoes.\
Fry half the potatoes, stirring occasionally until golden brown and crispy, 6 to 8 minutes. Sprinkle with the seasoning and hold in the oven on a paper towel-lined baking sheet. Repeat with the last batch of potatoes.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\fs40 \cf0 \
}