{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16120\viewh17760\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 Blackened Catfish
\f1\b0\fs28 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\b \cf2 Serves: 
\b0 \cf0 4 servings\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs32 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/compound-butter/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Compound Butter}}:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup (1 stick) unsalted butter, room temperature\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon Creole seasoning\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 lemon, zested and juiced\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 teaspoon {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/salt/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 kosher salt}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/8 teaspoon freshly cracked black pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon chopped {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/chives/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 chives}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Catfish:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}2 lemons, thinly sliced\
{\listtext	\'95	}Compound butter\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 (8-ounce) fresh skinless, boneless {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/catfish/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 catfish}} fillets\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup Creole seasoning (recommended: Tony Chachere's)\
{\listtext	\'95	}Whole chives, for garnishing\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 In a bowl, add the butter, Creole {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/spices/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 spices}}, lemon {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/zest/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 zest}} and juice, salt and pepper and mix to combine. Stir in the chopped chives and set aside. The butter can be made ahead and chilled; bring to room temperature before using.\
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.\
Preheat a large well-seasoned cast iron skillet or nonstick skillet over medium-high heat. Line the bottom of a 9 by 11-inch {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cookware-and-bakeware-materials/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 baking dish}} with the lemon slices and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/dollop/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 dollop}} half of the compound butter evenly over the lemon.\
Evenly coat both sides of each fish {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/fillet/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 fillet}} with 1 tablespoon Creole seasoning. Working in batches if necessary, add the seasoned fillets to the hot skillet, and cook 2 minutes on each side to just toast and brown the seasoning. With a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/spatula/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 spatula}}, carefully place the seared fish on top of the buttered {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/lemon/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 lemon}} slices in the baking dish. Bake until fish easily breaks apart with a fork, 12 to 15 minutes. Immediately top each hot fillet with a spoonful of compound butter; transfer to heated serving plates and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/garnish/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 garnish}} with a few whole fresh chives crossed like an x over each fillet.}