{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15680\viewh17380\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Dungeness Crabs Steamed on the Grill in Ginger, Soy, Lime, Mirin and Soy
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\b \cf2 Serves: 
\b0 \cf0 4 servings\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}2 cups crab stock\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup mirin\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup soy sauce\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup sliced fresh ginger\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons toasted sesame oil\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 limes, juiced\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 large Dungeness crab, 2 to 2 1/2 pounds each, killed and cleaned\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 to 3 tablespoons honey\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 teaspoon coarsely ground black pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}Pinch red chile flakes\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 tablespoons cold unsalted butter\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 Prepare a grill to medium-high heat.\
In a large roasting pan over high heat, add the stock, mirin, soy sauce, ginger, toasted sesame oil and lime juice and bring to a boil. Add the crabs, shell-side up, and place the pan on the grill. Cover the grill and steam the crabs until they are just cooked through, about 30 minutes, flipping the crabs halfway through cooking. Remove the crabs to a platter.\
Strain the steaming liquid into a bowl. Return the liquid to the roasting pan and whisk in the honey, black pepper and chile flakes. Bring to a boil and simmer until slightly reduced, about 10 minutes. Whisk in the butter. Halve the crabs and put 2 halves into 4 serving bowls. Pour the sauce over and garnish with cilantro.\
}