{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13820\viewh15800\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Fish Taco II
\f1\b0\fs32 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\b \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 4 to 6 servings\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}3 cloves {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/garlic/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 garlic}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup packed {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cilantro/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cilantro}} leaves\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 limes, zested\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 teaspoons ground {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cumin/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cumin}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 teaspoons kosher salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/tequila/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 tequila}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 pound tilapia fillets\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon olive oil\
{\listtext	\'95	}8 (7-inch) round Flour Tortillas, recipe follows\
{\listtext	\'95	}Crema, recipe follows\
{\listtext	\'95	}Shredded red cabbage\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/lime/index.html"}}{\fldrslt Lime}}\cf0  wedges\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 Put the garlic, cilantro, lime {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/zest/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 zest}}, cumin, salt, and pepper in a small food processor bowl and pulse until combined, approximately 20 seconds. With the processor running, add the tequila. Put the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/tilapia/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 tilapia}} fillets into a 1 gallon resealable bag, add the garlic mixture and move around to coat each {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/fillet/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 fillet}}. Set aside at room temperature for 15 to 20 minutes.\
Heat an electric nonstick griddle to 375 degrees F.\
Brush the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/griddle/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 griddle}} with the olive oil. Cook the fillets until just cooked through and opaque about 3 to 4 minutes per side. Cut into strips and serve in warm tortillas with crema, shredded red cabbage and lime wedges.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/tortilla/index.html"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\b\fs44 \cf2 Flour Tortillas}}
\f0\b\fs44 :\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}9 ounces all-purpose flour, plus 1/4 cup for kneading and rolling\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon kosher salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/3 cup {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/lard/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 lard}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup cool water\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Combine 9 ounces flour and salt in the bowl of a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/food-processor/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 food processor}} and pulse 2 to 3 times.\
Add the lard to the flour mixture in 4 to 5 chunks and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/pulse/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 pulse}} 10 to 15 times until the mixture resembles coarse crumbs. With the processor running, add the water in a steady stream just until a ball of {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/dough/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 dough}} begins to form, approximately 30 seconds.\
Sprinkle the remaining 1/4 cup of flour on a clean surface. Remove the dough from the bowl of the processor and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/knead/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 knead}} until well incorporated and less sticky. Wrap the dough ball in {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/plastic-wrap/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 plastic wrap}} and let it rest at room temperature for 1 hour.\
Evenly divide the dough into 8 pieces and form them into round balls. Roll each ball into 7-inch rounds with a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/rolling-pin/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 rolling pin}} on a lightly floured surface. Keep all of the dough balls covered with a tea towel.\
Heat an electric nonstick griddle to 375 degrees F.\
Put the tortillas, 2 to 3 at a time, onto the griddle and cook until light golden, about 4 minutes per side. Can be held for up to 2 hours, at room temperature, wrapped in a barely damp {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/tea/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 tea}} towel. Repeat with the remaining tortillas. Microwave for 1 minute in the damp tea towel to reheat.\
Yield: 8 tortillas\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/crema/index.html"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\b\fs44 \cf2 Crema}}
\f0\b\fs44 :\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls3\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 cup heavy cream\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon buttermilk\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/chipotle-chile/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 chipotle chile}} in adobo sauce\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 teaspoon {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/salt/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 kosher salt}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Put the heavy cream in a 16-ounce microwave-safe glass jar. Microwave on high until the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cream/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cream}} is just under 100 degrees F, about 30 to 40 seconds. Add the buttermilk, close the jar, and store in a warm place for 24 hours. The cream will have thickened to the consistency of thin {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/yogurt/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 yogurt}}.\
Add the chipotle chile and salt and process with an {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/immersion-blender/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 immersion blender}}, in the jar, until smooth, approximately 20 seconds. Refrigerate until ready to use.\
Yield: approximately 1 cup}