{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww23060\viewh20240\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs58 \cf0 Fish and Chips
\f1\b0\fs38 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\b \cf2 Serves: 
\b0 \cf0 2 servings\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs42 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 pounds fresh cod fillets (choose thick ones)\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/salt/index.html"}}{\fldrslt Kosher salt}}\cf0  and freshly ground black pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup plus 1 tablespoon all-purpose flour\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 tablespoon baking powder\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon freshly grated lemon {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/zest/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 zest}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/8 teaspoon {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cayenne-pepper/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cayenne pepper}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup water\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 extra-large egg\
{\listtext	\'95	}Vegetable oil, for frying\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 1 recipe Baked "Chips", recipe follows\
Lay the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cod/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cod}} fillets on a cutting board. Sprinkle both sides with salt and pepper. Cut the fillets in 1 1/2 by 3-inch pieces.\
In a bowl, combine the flour, baking powder, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/lemon/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 lemon}} zest, cayenne pepper, 1 teaspoon salt, and 1/2 teaspoon pepper. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/whisk/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Whisk}} in 1/2 cup of water and then the egg.\
Pour 1/2-inch of oil into a large (12-inch) {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/frying-pan/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 frying pan}} and heat it to about 360 degrees F.\
Dip each {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/fillet/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 fillet}} into the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/batter/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 batter}}, allowing the excess to drip back into the bowl. Place it very carefully into the hot oil. Don't crowd the pieces. Adjust the heat as needed to keep the oil between 360 and 400 degrees F. Cook the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/fish/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 fish}} on each side for 2 to 3 minutes, until lightly browned and cooked through. Remove to a plate lined with a paper towel. Sprinkle with salt and serve hot with the "{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/chips/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 chips}}."\
Baked "Chips"\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}2 large baking potatoes, unpeeled\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons good olive oil\
{\listtext	\'95	}3/4 teaspoon kosher salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/3 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon minced fresh {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/garlic/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 garlic}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon minced fresh rosemary leaves\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.\
Scrub the potatoes, cut them in half lengthwise, then cut each half in thirds lengthwise. You'll have 6 long wedges from each potato. Place the potatoes on a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sheet-pan/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 sheet pan}} with the olive oil, salt, pepper, garlic, and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/rosemary/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 rosemary}}. With clean hands, toss all the ingredients together, making sure the potatoes are covered with oil. Spread the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/potato/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 potatoes}} in a single layer with 1 cut side down.\
Bake the potatoes for 30 to 35 minutes, turning to the other cut side after 20 minutes. Bake until they are lightly browned, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/crisp/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 crisp}} outside, and tender inside. Sprinkle with salt and serve immediately.\
Yield: 2 servings}