{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16120\viewh20500\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl500\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs46 \cf0 Crackling Fish Tacos with Chipotle Tartar Sauce\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs26 \cf2 Serves: 
\b0 \cf0 8 tacos{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodnetwork.com/magazine"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs30 \cf2 \
}}\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs30 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs42 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 For the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/tartar-sauce/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 tartar sauce}}:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl420\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs40 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}2 cloves garlic, finely chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 to 2 chipotles in adobo sauce seeds removed, finely chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}3/4 cup {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/mayonnaise/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 mayonnaise}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/scallion/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 scallion}}, white and light green parts only, finely chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon fresh {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/lime/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 lime}} juice\
{\listtext	\'95	}Salt\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs42 \cf0 For the tacos:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl420\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs40 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}2 pounds skinless red snapper fillets (or other firm, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/flaky/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 flaky}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}white fish)\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 cloves {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/garlic/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 garlic}}, minced\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}teaspoon freshly ground pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup all-purpose flour\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 cups vegetable oil, for frying\
{\listtext	\'95	}8 8-inch {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/tortilla/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 flour tortillas}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cucumber, peeled, quartered lengthwise, seeded and\
{\listtext	\'95	}sliced into 1/2-inch pieces\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 cups {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/arugula/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 arugula}} leaves\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup fresh cilantro\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl420\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/zest/index.html"}}{\fldrslt Zest}}\cf0  of 2 oranges\
{\listtext	\'95	}Lime wedges, for serving\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs42 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs40 \cf0 Combine all the tartar sauce ingredients in a small bowl, using salt to taste. Cover and refrigerate until ready to use.\
Rinse the fish under cold water and pat dry with paper towels. Cut into 1-inch pieces and put in a bowl with the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/worcestershire-sauce/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Worcestershire sauce}}, garlic, salt and pepper. Turn the fish to coat. Cover with {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/plastic-wrap/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 plastic wrap}} and refrigerate for 20 minutes or up to 4 hours.\
Place the flour in a shallow dish and toss the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/fish/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 fish}} pieces in it, a few at a time, until evenly coated. Heat the oil in a large pot over medium-high heat. (To see if it's hot enough, place a small piece of bread in the oil; it should sizzle immediately.) Carefully add a few pieces of fish at a time, shaking off excess flour before placing them in the oil. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/fry/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Fry}} until golden brown, 4 to 6 minutes; transfer to a paper-towel-lined plate.\
Meanwhile, heat a medium skillet over medium-high heat. Add a tortilla and warm for 10 to 20 seconds on each side. Place on a plate and cover with a kitchen towel; repeat with the remaining tortillas.\
Spread a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/dollop/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 dollop}} of the chipotle tartar sauce on a warmed tortilla. Add a few pieces of {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cucumber/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cucumber}} and top with 3 or 4 pieces of fish, a few arugula and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cilantro/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cilantro}} leaves and a little {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/orange/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 orange}} zest. Serve with lime wedges and more tartar sauce on the side.}