{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14260\viewh19080\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Grilled Roasted Garlic Shrimp Skewers\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs32 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 4 servings\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs38 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 pound large shrimp, peeled, de-veined and tails removed (about 40 shrimp)\
{\listtext	\'95	}Salt and freshly ground black pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup roasted garlic salad dressing\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 teaspoons lemon juice\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon Italian seasoning\
{\listtext	\'95	}Canola oil, for grilling\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 Thread the shrimp through the skewers at two points, through the neck and tail portion. If you compare the shape of the shrimp to the letter "C" the skewer should go through both the top and bottom section of the "C". You should have 5 shrimp per skewer. Place into a 9 by 13-inch baking dish and sprinkle with a bit of salt and pepper.\
In a medium bowl, combine the roasted garlic salad dressing, lemon juice and Italian seasoning. Reserve about 3 tablespoons of the salad dressing mixture. Pour the remaining dressing over the shrimp and, using a brush, make sure all the shrimp are completely coated with the dressing. Let sit in the refrigerator for 5 minutes or up to 30 minutes.\
Preheat a grill or grill pan over medium-high heat.\
Brush the grill grates with a paper towel that has been soaked in canola oil. Place the shrimp skewers on the grill and cover. Cook until opaque and cooked through, about 3 minutes per side.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Grilled Shrimp Scampi Style with Soy Sauce, Fresh Ginger and Garlic\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs32 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 4 servings\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs36 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup plus 1 teaspoon soy sauce\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons plus 2 teaspoons toasted {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sesame-oil/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 sesame oil}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 limes, juiced\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 teaspoons honey\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 (2-inch) piece fresh ginger, finely grated\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/garlic/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cloves garlic}}, finely chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/canola-oil/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 canola oil}}, divided\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/4 pounds large (21-24) shrimp, peeled and deveined\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 stick butter, softened\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 Whisk together 1/4 cup {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/soy-sauce/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 soy sauce}}, 2 tablespoons sesame oil, the lime juice, honey, ginger, garlic and 1/4 cup canola oil in a bowl and add to a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/food-processor/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 food processor}}. Add the softened butter and pulse until thoroughly combined.\
Season the shrimp with salt and pepper and brush mixture onto the shrimp. Place onto preheated grill and cook in a single layer for 1 to 2 minutes per side, or until just cooked through.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Grilled Shrimp Skewers 
\f1\fs32 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf0 Serves:  4 to 6 servings\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls3\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}Wooden skewers (4-inch)\
{\listtext	\'95	}24 large shrimp\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup light soy sauce\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 cloves garlic, finely chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon grated fresh ginger\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon toasted sesame oil\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons white wine vinegar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon fresh lime juice\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup peanut oil, plus extra for drizzling\
{\listtext	\'95	}Salt and pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons toasted sesame seeds\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 Soak 4-inch wooden skewers in cold water for 1 hour. Thread 1 shrimp onto each skewer so that the shrimp lie flat.\
Whisk together the soy, garlic, ginger, sesame oil, white wine vinegar, lime juice and peanut oil together in a small bowl. Place shrimp skewers onto a plate and drizzle with peanut oil to lightly coat. Season with salt and pepper.\
Heat grill. Grill shrimp 2 minutes per side or until just cooked through. Place shrimp on a platter, drizzle with vinaigrette and sprinkle with sesame seeds.}