{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Grilled Salmon Steak with Hoisin BBQ Sauce\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs32 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 4 servings\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons canola oil, plus more for brushing on salmon\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 shallots, sliced\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 cloves garlic, chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup hoisin sauce\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup ketchup\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons honey\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon sambal oelek\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons sesame seeds, toasted\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon soy sauce\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon fish sauce\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon rice vinegar\
{\listtext	\'95	}Salt and freshly ground black pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 (8-ounce) salmon steaks\
{\listtext	\'95	}Cilantro leaves, for garnish\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 Heat the oil in a small saucepan over medium heat. Add the shallots and garlic and cook until soft. Stir in the hoisin, ketchup, honey, sambal oelek, sesame seeds, soy sauce and fish sauce and cook for 5 minutes. Remove from the heat, stir in the vinegar and season with salt and pepper, to taste.\
Heat the grill to high. Brush the salmon on both sides with oil and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Grill until golden brown and slightly charred on both sides. Cook to medium-well doneness, brushing with the sauce every minute or so. Remove the salmon from grill to a plate and brush with more sauce. Transfer the fish to a serving platter and let rest for 5 minutes. Garnish with cilantro and serve.}