{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww21540\viewh19120\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl500\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 Grilled Salmon with Citrus Salsa Verde
\f1\b0\fs28 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260\ql\qnatural

\b \cf2 Serves: 
\b0 \cf0 4 servings\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs42 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf2 Salsa\cf0 :\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl420\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs40 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}2 large oranges\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup fresh lemon juice\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 scallions, finely sliced\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 tablespoons chopped fresh \cf2 mint\cf0  leaves\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons capers, rinsed, drained and coarsely chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons orange zest\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon lemon \cf2 zest\cf0 \
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes\
{\listtext	\'95	}Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs42 \cf2 Salmon\cf0 :\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl420\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs40 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}Vegetable or canola oil, for oiling the grill\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 (4 to 5-ounce) center cut salmon fillets, skinned, each about 3-inches square\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons amber \cf2 agave\cf0  nectar\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl420\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}Kosher salt \cf0 and freshly ground black pepper\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs42 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs40 \cf0 For the salsa: \cf2 Peel\cf0  and trim the ends from each orange. Using a paring knife, cut along the membrane on both sides of each segment. Free the segments and add them to a medium bowl. Add the olive oil, lemon juice, parsley, scallions, mint, capers, orange zest, lemon zest, and red pepper flakes. Toss lightly and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Set aside.\
For the salmon: Put a \cf2 grill pan\cf0  over medium-high heat or preheat a gas or charcoal grill. Brush the grilling rack with vegetable oil to keep the salmon from sticking. Brush the salmon on both sides with the agave nectar and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Grill until the \cf2 fish\cf0  flakes easily and is cooked through, about 3 to 4 minutes on each side. Transfer the salmon to a platter and allow to rest for 5 minutes.\
Spoon the salsa verde on top of the salmon or serve on the side as an accompaniment.}