{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red241\green241\blue241;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14160\viewh14960\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\tx560\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 GRILLED SHRIMP SKEWERS WITH LEMON-GARLIC SAUCE
\b0\fs58 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa200\ql\qnatural

\fs48 \cf0 You will need eight 14inch metal skewers for this recipe. Using a warmed bowl in step 5 to toss the cooked shrimp with the butter sauce will help keep the shrimp warm for serving.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl20\sa200\ql\qnatural

\fs24 \cf0 \cb2 INGREDIENTS
\fs58 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs44 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}4 pounds extra-large shrimp (21 to 25 per pound), peeled and deveined\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup olive oil\
{\listtext	\'95	}Salt and pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}3/4 teaspoon sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}12 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into 12 pieces\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/3 cup lemon juice (2 lemons)\
{\listtext	\'95	}5 garlic cloves, minced\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 teaspoon red pepper flakes\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/3 cup minced fresh parsley\
{\listtext	\'95	}Lemon wedges\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl20\sa200\ql\qnatural

\fs24 \cf0 \cb1 METHOD
\fs58 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\fs44 \cf0 {\listtext	1.	}Pat shrimp dry with paper towels. Thread shrimp tightly onto 8 metal skewers, alternating direction of heads and tails. Brush shrimp with oil and season with salt and pepper. Sprinkle one side of each skewer with sugar.\
{\listtext	2.	}Cook butter, lemon juice, garlic, pepper flakes, and 1/4 teaspoon salt together in small saucepan over medium heat, stirring often, until butter melts, about 2 minutes. Remove from heat and cover to keep warm.\
{\listtext	3.	}For a charcoal grill: Open bottom grill vent completely. Light large chimney starter mounded with charcoal briquettes (7 quarts). When top coals are partially covered with ash, pour evenly over grill. Set cooking grate in place, cover, and open lid vent completely. Heat grill until hot, about 5 minutes.\
{\listtext	4.	}For a gas grill: Turn all burners to high, cover, and heat grill until hot, about 15 minutes. Leave all burners on high.\
{\listtext	5.	}Clean and oil cooking grate. Place shrimp skewers, sugared side down, on grill. Use tongs to push shrimp together on skewer if they have separated. Grill (covered if using gas) until shrimp are lightly charred, 4 to 5 minutes. Flip shrimp skewers and continue to grill (covered if using gas) until second side is pink, about 2 -minutes longer.\
{\listtext	6.	}Remove skewers from grill and gently slide shrimp off skewers into large, warmed bowl. Toss shrimp with warm butter sauce and parsley. Serve immediately with lemon wedges.\
\
\pard\tx560\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
}