{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red164\green194\blue114;\red47\green43\blue34;\red45\green57\blue24;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15380\viewh20240\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa400\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs58 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd8\expndtw40
Halibut Picatta\
\pard\pardeftab720\li40\ri760\sl360\sa120\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs42 \cf3 \kerning1\expnd4\expndtw20
(serves 2)\
2 6-ounce (fresh) halibut fillets\uc0\u8232 1 tablespoon extra virgin olive oil\u8232 1 tablespoon plus 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, divided\u8232 3 cloves garlic, chopped\u8232 1/2 cup dry white wine\u8232 2 tablespoons capers\u8232 1 tablespoon fresh italian parsley, chopped\u8232 1/2 fresh lemon (zest and juice)\u8232 Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste\
3/4 pound fresh asparagus\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa380\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs48 \cf4 \kerning1\expnd8\expndtw40
Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\li40\ri760\sl360\sa120\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs42 \cf3 \kerning1\expnd4\expndtw20
Steam asparagus until almost soft and set aside.\
Heat the oil and 1 tbsp. butter in a nonstick skillet on medium high heat until bubbling (careful not to burn the butter).\'a0 Season the halibut with salt and pepper.\
Add the halibut to the hot skillet and cook until lightly golden brown on both sides, about 3-5 minutes per side.\'a0 Set the halibut aside and turn the heat to medium low.\'a0 Add the garlic and saute until fragrant, about 1 minute (careful not to burn).\
Add the white wine and deglaze the pan.\'a0 Simmer to reduce the sauce a bit, about 5-10 minutes.\'a0 Turn off the heat and add the capers, butter, lemon and parsley until butter completely melts.\'a0 Season with salt and pepper.\'a0 Check the taste at this point. If you like more of a lemon flavor, add another squeeze of lemon and re-taste.\'a0 If too lemony, add a little more butter.\
Place the halibut fillets on top of a handful of the asparagus and then drizzle with the sauce.\
Enjoy!}