{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green52\blue155;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid4}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14140\viewh15620\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl640\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs64 \cf0 How to Cook Lobster Tail\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa260\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs42 \cf0 To ensure that the meat is as tender as possible, be sure to thaw frozen lobster tails for at least six hours in the refrigerator, or seal them in a plastic bag and place them in warm water for an hour. Once they are thawed experiment with the following cooking methods to find the one you are most comfortable with. The more relaxed you are about preparing a dish the better it will taste.
\fs36 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\ql\qnatural

\fs50 \cf0 Boiled Lobster Tails\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa260\ql\qnatural

\fs42 \cf0 Boiling is one of the simplest ways to prepare lobster tails.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ri1400\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	1.	}Fill up a large stockpot with water and add a few teaspoons of salt.\
{\listtext	2.	}Add lobster tails one at a time, making sure you don't overcrowd the pot.\
{\listtext	3.	}Bring to a boil.\
{\listtext	4.	}Lower heat and cook for one minute per ounce (e.g. six ounce lobster tails should cook for six minutes).\
{\listtext	5.	}Remove lobster tails from water and allow to cool for a few minutes before serving.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa260\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 Tip:
\b0  To prevent lobster tails from curling while cooking, place a skewer down the middle of the tails.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\ql\qnatural

\fs50 \cf0 Broiled Lobster Tails\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa260\ql\qnatural

\fs42 \cf0 This cooking method is considered the most aesthetically pleasing. However, it must be done carefully so as not to overcook the meat. If done correctly it yields incredibly tender and flavorful meat.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ri1400\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	1.	}Preheat broiler.\
{\listtext	2.	}Place lobster tails on a medium baking sheet.\
{\listtext	3.	}With a sharp knife or kitchen shears, carefully cut top-side of lobster shells lengthwise.\
{\listtext	4.	}Pull open shell slightly and season meat with salt, pepper, butter and a few of your favorite herbs and spices.\
{\listtext	5.	}Broil lobster tails 5 to 10 minutes, or until lobster meat is opaque and the butter is melted.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\ql\qnatural

\fs50 \cf0 Baked Lobster Tails\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa260\ql\qnatural

\fs42 \cf0 You can {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://gourmet.lovetoknow.com/Baking_Lobster_Tails"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 bake lobster tails}} in a standard oven in less than 15 minutes. The results are sweet, juicy lobster tails that are not rubbery.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ri1400\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural
\ls3\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	1.	}Preheat oven to 400 degrees.\
{\listtext	2.	}Use a sharp pair of kitchen shears and cut down one side of the lobster tail as close to the side as you can. Repeat on other side of lobster tail.\
{\listtext	3.	}Brush lobster tails with butter or olive oil.\
{\listtext	4.	}Bake for 8 to 10 minutes.\
{\listtext	5.	}Remove and serve with melted butter.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa260\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 Tip:
\b0  If you are cooking a large lobster tail, and want to avoid drying out the meat, wrap the tail in aluminum foil before baking.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\ql\qnatural

\fs50 \cf0 Grilled Lobster Tails\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa260\ql\qnatural

\fs42 \cf0 This method of preparing {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://gourmet.lovetoknow.com/Grilled_Lobster_Tails"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 lobster tails}} is great if you are cooking outdoors for a large group.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ri1400\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural
\ls4\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	1.	}Insert a wooden skewer into the lobster tails to prevent them from curling.\
{\listtext	2.	}Bring a large pot of salted water to a rolling boil.\
{\listtext	3.	}Place the tails in water and cook for four minutes.\
{\listtext	4.	}Drain tails and allow to cool slightly.\
{\listtext	5.	}Preheat grill.\
{\listtext	6.	}Using a sharp knife, cut the top of the shell lengthwise down the middle.\
{\listtext	7.	}Baste lobster tail meat with melted butter and lemon juice.\
{\listtext	8.	}Place tails shell side down on grill set at medium-high.\
{\listtext	9.	}Grill lobster tails for approximately eight minutes, or until meat is opaque and firm to the touch.\
{\listtext	10.	}Remove lobster tails from grill and serve with additional lemon wedges and melted butter.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa240\ql\qnatural

\fs56 \cf0 Additional Tips\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa260\ql\qnatural

\fs42 \cf0 To determine the best way to cook lobster tails, keep in mind that size plays a big factor. The average lobster tail runs between six and eight ounces. However, you can purchase them as small as three ounces and as large as 24 ounces. If you still need help deciding how to best prepare your lobster tails, consider checking out the following recipes:}