{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17180\viewh20600\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs58 \cf0 Lobster Tails with Clarified Butter
\f1\b0\fs38 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\b\fs34 \cf2 Serves: 
\b0 \cf0 4 servings
\fs38 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs42 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}4 (each 1/2 to 3/4-pound) {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/lobster/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 lobster}} tails, thawed if frozen\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup Clarified Lemon Butter, plus 1 cup, recipe follows\
{\listtext	\'95	}\
{\listtext	\'95	}Special Equipment: 4 metal skewers or 4 wooden skewers soaked in water for 30 minutes\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 Light the coals in a fire pit 1 hour before cooking or preheat a gas or charcoal {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/grill/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 grill}}.\
Using kitchen shears or a sharp knife, cut through the top {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/shell/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 shell}} lengthwise. Cut a slit through the meat lengthwise taking care not to cut through the bottom shell. Gently pull the shells apart. Thread a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/skewer/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 skewer}}, starting at the underside base of the tail, along the inside of the bottom shell. Brush the meat with 1/4 cup of the clarified butter. Wrap the lobster tails in heavy-duty aluminum foil. Bake for 12 to 15 minutes or until the lobster meat is opaque.\
Place the remaining {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/clarified-butter/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 clarified butter}} in a butter warmer or dipping bowl. Remove the meat from the lobster shells and dip in the Clarified Butter.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Clarified Lemon Butter:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}3 sticks (1 1/2 cups) unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch pieces\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 lemons, zested\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 In a small, heavy bottomed {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/saucepan/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 saucepan}}, heat the butter over medium-low heat. Pour the mixture into a 2-cup glass measuring jug. Let the melted butter stand for 5 minutes. Using a spoon, remove the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/foam/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 foam}} from the top of the butter. Place the lemon {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/zest/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 zest}} in small bowl. Pour the clarified butter over the lemon zest and discard the milk solids left in the bottom of the jug.\
Yield: 1 1/4 cups\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f2 \cf0 \
\
}