{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red51\green51\blue51;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs54 \cf2 Mini Crab Cakes\

\itap1\trowd \taflags4 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth17020\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt220 \clpadl220 \clpadb220 \clpadr220 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs36 \cf2 Makes about 5 dozen\

\fs42 \

\fs50 1 tablespoon canola oil, plus more for frying\
1 small onion, finely chopped\
1 red bell pepper, finely chopped\
2 ribs celery, finely chopped\
2 tablespoons garlic\
3 pounds lump crab meat, picked over for any shells\
2 sleeves saltine crackers, crushed\
1/2 cup mayonnaise\
2 large eggs\
1/4 cup heavy cream\
1 tablespoons dry mustard\
1/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper\
2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce\
\
Heat 2 tablespoons of canola oil in a large skillet over medium heat.\'a0 Add the onion, bell pepper, celery & garlic & cook until softened \{about 5 minutes\}.\'a0 Transfer to a large mixing bowl & let cool to room temperature.\
When cool, stir in the crabmeat & 1 1/2 cups of the cracker crumbs.\'a0 Whisk the mayonnaise, eggs, heavy cream, mustard, cayenne & Worcestershire sauce together in a separate bowl.\'a0 Using a spatula, fold into the crabmeat mixture.\'a0 Chill for 1 day.\
Heat 3-4 tablespoons of canola oil in a large skillet over medium heat.\'a0 Form the crabmeat mixture into small discs & dredge in the remaining cracker crumbs, pressing slightly to help them adhere.\'a0 Cook in batches, about 5 minutes per side, until golden brown.\'a0 Transfer to a plate lined with paper towels.\'a0 Serve with r\'e9moulade sauce, or a sauce of your choice.
\f0\fs44 \
\
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f1\b\fs46 \cf2 R\'e9moulade Sauce
\f0\b0\fs36 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f1 \cf2 makes 1 1/2 cups
\fs42 \
\

\fs50 1 cup mayonnaise\
1 tablespoon whole grain mustard\
1/4 cup finely chopped dill pickles\
1 scallion, finely chopped\
1 tablespoon lemon juice\
1/8 teaspoon cayenne pepper \{optional\}\
\
Combine all the ingredients & chill for up to 3 days.\cell \lastrow\row
}