{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Pan-Seared Tilapia\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs32 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 6 servings\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs36 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/salsa/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Salsa}}:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}2 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/tomato/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 tomatoes}}, seeded and chopped (about 2 cups)\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 small onion, chopped (about 1/2 cup)\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons chopped fresh {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cilantro/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cilantro}} leaves\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/lime/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 lime}}, juiced\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/olive-oil/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 olive oil}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}Minced fresh {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/chile/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 chile}} of choice, see Cook's Note*\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/canola-oil/index.html"}}{\fldrslt Canola oil}}\cf0 , for frying\
{\listtext	\'95	}6 fillets of {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/tilapia/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 tilapia}} (about 6 ounces each)\
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sea-salt/index.html"}}{\fldrslt Sea salt}}\cf0  and freshly ground black pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}Flour, for dusting\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 To make the salsa: Stir the tomatoes, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/onion/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 onion}}, and cilantro together in a small bowl. Stir in the lime juice, olive oil and chile. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Place in the refrigerator to chill while preparing the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/fish/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 fish}}.\
Preheat the oven to 200 degrees F.\
Pour enough canola oil into a large {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/frying-pan/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 frying pan}} to generously coat the bottom. Heat over medium-high heat until hot but not smoking.\
While the oil is heating, season as many of the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/fillet/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 fillets}} as will fit in the pan comfortably with salt and pepper. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/dredge/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Dredge}} the seasoned fillets in flour to coat both sides and shake off the excess flour. Carefully slip the coated {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/snapper/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 snapper}} into the hot oil and give the pan a little shake to prevent sticking. Cook until lightly golden on the underside side, about 3 minutes. Flip the fillets over and cook until the thickest part of the fillets are opaque at the center, 2 to 3 minutes. Transfer to a baking sheet and keep warm in the oven. Repeat with the remaining fillets, adding more oil to the pan, if necessary.\
Serve warm, passing the tomato salsa separately.\
*Cook's Note: The type and amount of chile you add to the tomato-onion mix is up to you: choose a milder chile, like serrano or {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/jalapeno-chile/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 jalapeno}} and remove the seeds before mincing for a milder result. Pick a fiery chile like {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/scotch/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Scotch}} bonnet or habanero and leave the seeds in for lots of fire.\
}