{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12820\viewh16500\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl500\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 Grilled Salmon Steak with Hoisin BBQ Sauce
\f1\b0\fs28 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260\ql\qnatural

\b \cf2 Serves: 
\b0 \cf0 4 servings
\f0\b\fs34 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \

\fs44 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl420\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/canola-oil/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 canola oil}}, plus more for brushing on salmon\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 shallots, sliced\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 cloves garlic, chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/hoisin/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 hoisin}} sauce\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup ketchup\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons honey\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sambal/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 sambal}} oelek\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons sesame seeds, toasted\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/soy-sauce/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 soy sauce}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon fish sauce\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/rice-vinegar/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 rice vinegar}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}Salt and freshly ground black pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 (8-ounce) salmon steaks\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl420\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cilantro/index.html"}}{\fldrslt Cilantro}}\cf0  leaves, for garnish\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 Heat the oil in a small {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/saucepan/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 saucepan}} over medium heat. Add the shallots and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/garlic/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 garlic}} and cook until soft. Stir in the hoisin, ketchup, honey, sambal oelek, sesame seeds, soy sauce and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/fish-sauce/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 fish sauce}} and cook for 5 minutes. Remove from the heat, stir in the vinegar and season with salt and pepper, to taste.\
Heat the grill to high. Brush the salmon on both sides with oil and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Grill until golden brown and slightly charred on both sides. Cook to medium-well doneness, brushing with the sauce every minute or so. Remove the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/salmon/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 salmon}} from grill to a plate and brush with more sauce. Transfer the fish to a serving platter and let rest for 5 minutes. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/garnish/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Garnish}} with cilantro and serve.\
}