{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red164\green194\blue114;\red47\green43\blue34;\red45\green57\blue24;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14400\viewh15280\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa400\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs56 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd8\expndtw40
Salmon Teriyaki\
\pard\pardeftab720\li40\ri760\sl360\sa120\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs40 \cf3 \kerning1\expnd4\expndtw20
1/3 cup (low sodium) soy sauce\uc0\u8232 1/4 cup granulated sugar\u8232 1 tbsp. brown sugar\u8232 2-3 cloves (approx. 1 tbsp.) garlic, minced\u8232 1 tsp. ginger, freshly grated\u8232 1/2 tsp. orange zest, freshly grated\u8232 1/3 cup water\u8232 2 tbsp. corn starch\
4 4-6 ounce salmon fillets, skin removed\
\pard\pardeftab720\li40\sl360\sa120\ql\qnatural
\cf3 In a medium saucepan, heat soy sauce, sugars, garlic, ginger and orange zest  over medium-high heat.  Dissolve corn starch in water in separate mixing bowl and then add to the rest of the mixture.  Cook on medium-high heat for 8-10 minutes, stirring occasionally, until sauce reaches desired thickness.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li40\ri760\sl360\sa120\ql\qnatural
\cf3 Preheat oven to 350 degrees.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li40\sl360\sa120\ql\qnatural
\cf3 Wash and pat salmon fillets dry with paper towel.  Generously sprinkle both sides with kosher salt and ground black pepper.\
Heat oil in a non-stick, oven-proof skillet over high heat.  Once oil is hot, lay fillets (non-skinned-side-down) in the skillet. Pan sear the salmon on the one side until golden, about 2-3 minutes. Once golden, gently flip fillets over and brush generously with teriyaki sauce.  Transfer skillet to the oven and roast for 6-10 minutes, or until the fish is tender and flaky.  Careful not to overcook the salmon. \
Drizzle left-over teriyaki sauce over salmon.  \
Enjoy!
\f0\fs42 \cf4 \kerning1\expnd8\expndtw40
\
}