{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 Scallops with Mint Chutney\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs28 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 4 to 6 servings\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs32 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs40 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs38 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}2 bunches fresh {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/mint/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 mint}}, leaves roughly chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/serrano-chile/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 serrano chiles}}, stemmed, seeded and ribs removed\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup sweetened shredded coconut\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup freshly squeezed lime juice\
{\listtext	\'95	}Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 pound sea scallops, cleaned\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs40 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs38 \cf0 Puree the mint, chiles, coconut, 1/4 tablespoon water and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/lime/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 lime}} juice in a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/blender/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 blender}} until smooth. Transfer to a bowl and season with salt and pepper. Chill until ready to use.\
Pat the scallops dry and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Heat a 12-inch cast-iron skillet over medium heat until hot. Cook the scallops until a golden brown {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/crust/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 crust}} forms, are just cooked through and release easily from the pan, 2 to 3 minutes on each side. Serve the scallops topped with {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/chutney/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 chutney}}.\
What Make This Recipe Really Sing: The heat of the chiles and the sweetness of the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/coconut/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 coconut}} and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/scallop/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 scallops}} give this dish great balance. When in season, try to find bay scallops, you will be surprised how sweet they are.\
BYOC: You don't like mint? Try adding {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cilantro/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cilantro}} or your favorite herb. This chutney is also a wonderful accompaniment to {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/lamb/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 lamb}} chops.\
}