{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15900\viewh16240\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl500\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs42 \cf0 Shrimp with Pesto Couscous\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs26 \cf2 Serves: 
\b0 \cf0 4 servings
\fs22 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs40 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl420\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs38 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 small bunch basil, about 2 cups leaves\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons chopped garlic, divided\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup chopped walnuts\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup grated Parmesan\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/3 cup canola oil, plus 1 tablespoon\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl420\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}Kosher salt\cf0  and freshly ground black pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 cups water\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 cups couscous\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon red pepper flakes\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup chicken broth\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 lemon, juiced\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 pound frozen raw shrimp, thawed, shelled, tails left on, and deveined\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon chopped parsley leaves\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs40 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs38 \cf0 In the bowl of a food processor \cf2 pulse\cf0  together the basil leaves, 1 tablespoon of the garlic, the walnuts, and the Parmesan. With the \cf2 food processor\cf0  running, slowly \cf2 drizzle\cf0  in 1/3 cup of oil and season with salt and pepper, to taste.\
In a medium \cf2 saucepan\cf0  over medium-high heat, bring 2 cups water and 1/2 teaspoon salt to a boil. Remove from the heat, stir in the \cf2 couscous\cf0 , cover, and let it stand for 5 minutes. When you are ready to serve, stir half the basil pesto into the couscous. \
Heat the remaining 1 tablespoon of \cf2 canola oil\cf0  in large skillet over medium heat. Add the remaining 1 tablespoon of \cf2 garlic\cf0  and red pepper flakes and cook for 30 seconds. Add the broth and \cf2 lemon\cf0  juice and cook until it bubbles. Add the shrimp, season with salt and pepper, to taste, give it a good stir. Cook until the \cf2 shrimp\cf0  turn pink and are cooked through, about 4 minutes. Remove the pan from the heat and stir in the \cf2 parsley\cf0 . Transfer the couscous to a serving platter. Spoon the shrimp and sauce over the couscous and serve immediately.
\fs34 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
}