{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15140\viewh12880\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs70 \cf0 Shrimp Fra Diavolo
\fs68 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs48 \cf2 Serves:
\b   
\b0 \cf0 4 servings\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs46 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs54 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs52 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 pound large shrimp, peeled, deveined\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon salt, plus additional as needed\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon dried crushed red pepper flakes\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 tablespoons olive oil, plus 1 to 2 tablespoons\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 medium onion, sliced\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 (14 1/2-ounce) can diced tomatoes\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup dry white wine\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 garlic cloves, chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 teaspoon dried oregano leaves\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 tablespoon chopped fresh Italian parsley leaves\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 tablespoon chopped fresh basil leaves\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs54 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs52 \cf0 Toss the shrimp in a medium bowl with 1 teaspoon of salt and red pepper flakes. Heat the 3 tablespoons oil in a heavy large skillet over medium-high heat. Add the shrimp and saute for about a minute, toss, and continue cooking until just cooked through, about 1 to 2 minutes. Transfer the shrimp to a large plate; set aside. Add the onion to the same skillet, adding 1 to 2 teaspoons of olive oil to the pan, if necessary, and saute until translucent, about 5 minutes. Add the tomatoes with their juices, wine, garlic, and oregano. Simmer until the sauce thickens slightly, about 10 minutes. Return the shrimp and any accumulated juices to the tomato mixture; toss to coat, and cook for about a minute so the flavors meld together. Stir in the parsley and basil. Season with more salt, to taste, and serve.\
}