{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red61\green61\blue61;\red47\green47\blue47;\red6\green124\blue174;
}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13140\viewh17260\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-3700\sl500\sa80\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf2 Tilapia with Balsamic Browned Butter\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs32 \cf2 Yield: 
\b0 4 servings\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs38 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\ql\qnatural

\fs42 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl420\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs40 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}Salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, divided\
{\listtext	\'95	}5 slices center cut bacon, chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 medium {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/onion/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 onion}}, chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 to 3 grated garlic cloves\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/bay-leaf/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 bay leaf}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}12 white mushrooms, thinly sliced\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 can San Marzano {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/tomato/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 tomatoes}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 (6 to 8-ounce) {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/tilapia/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 tilapia}} fillets\
{\listtext	\'95	}Salt and freshly ground black pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup all-purpose flour\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup mascarpone {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cheese/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 cheese}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 tablespoons butter\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup balsamic vinegar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/basil/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 basil}} leaves, shredded or torn\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs42 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs40 \cf0 Heat a deep large skillet with 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil over medium-high heat. Add bacon and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/crisp/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 crisp}} 3 to 4 minutes. Add onions, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/garlic/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 garlic}}, bay leaf and mushrooms, season with salt and pepper and cook until tender but not browned, 5 minutes. Add tomatoes, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/crush/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 crush}} them up with a wooden spoon and simmer 15 minutes on low heat.\
Season the fish with salt and pepper. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/dust/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 Dust}} fish with flour and shake off excess.\
Heat 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil in a large skillet over medium high heat. Cook {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/fish/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 fish}} 4 minutes on each side.\
While fish cooks, return sauce to bubble and stir in {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/mascarpone/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 mascarpone}} cheese. Adjust seasoning.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa180\ql\qnatural
\cf2 Remove fish from skillet to a platter and cover loosely with foil to keep warm. Reduce heat to medium and add butter to pan. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/brown-butter/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 Brown butter}}, 2 to 3 minutes, stir in balsamic and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/simmer/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 simmer}} 1 to 2 minutes to reduce by half. Pour the brown butter and vinegar over fish.\
\
}