{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red84\green84\blue84;\red51\green51\blue51;\red0\green101\blue159;
}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl520\sa80\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs64 \cf0 Zesty Lime Fish Tacos\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\fs38 \cf2 Yield:  \cf0 8 tacos\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\ql\qnatural

\fs48 \cf0 INGREDIENTS\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0\fs44 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 pound tilapia fillets (about 4)\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 cloves garlic, finely chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup fresh lime juice (2 to 3 limes)\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup all-purpose flour\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup yellow cornmeal\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 (16.3 oz) can Pillsbury(R) Grands!(R) Homestyle refrigerated buttermilk biscuits (8 biscuits)\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}6 tablespoons canola oil\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 tablespoons chipotle chiles in adobo sauce (from 7-ounce can), finely chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}Salt and freshly ground black pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup salsa\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup sour cream\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 cups shredded cabbage\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\ql\qnatural

\b\fs48 \cf0 DIRECTIONS\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa160\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs44 \cf3 Heat the oven to 200 degrees F. Cut each {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/fish/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 fish fillet}} lengthwise into 4 strips. In shallow glass dish, mix garlic and 7 tablespoons lime juice. Add the fish strips to the mixture and turn to coat. Let stand while preparing the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/biscuit/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 biscuits}}. \uc0\u8232 On a work surface, mix the flour and cornmeal. Separate the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/dough/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 dough}} into 8 biscuits. Press both sides of each biscuit into the flour mixture, then press or roll into 6 to 7-inch rounds. \uc0\u8232 In a 12-inch nonstick skillet, heat 1 1/2 tablespoons canola oil over medium heat. Add 2 biscuit rounds and cook about 1 minute on each side or until golden brown and cooked through. Place on a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cookie/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 cookie}} sheet and keep warm in the oven. Cook the remaining rounds, adding 1 1/2 tablespoons {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/canola-oil/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 canola oil}} to the skillet for each batch. Wipe the skillet clean. \uc0\u8232 Heat the same skillet over medium-high heat. Add the fish and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/lime/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 lime}} juice mixture, chipotle chiles, 1/2 teaspoon salt, and 1/4 teaspoon pepper and cook about 5 minutes, turning fish once, until fish flakes easily with fork. \uc0\u8232 In a small bowl, mix the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/salsa/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 salsa}}, sour cream, and remaining 1 tablespoon lime juice. \uc0\u8232 Using a slotted spoon, remove the fish and divide evenly among the biscuit rounds. Top each round with shredded cabbage and 1 to 2 tablespoons salsa mixture. Fold the biscuit rounds in half over filling. Serve with any remaining salsa mixture. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/garnish/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 Garnish}} with lime wedges, if desired.\
}