{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16420\viewh17420\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs66 \cf0 Caramelized Onion, Sausage and Basil Pizza\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs46 \cf2 Serves:
\b   
\b0 \cf0 4 to 6 servings\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs50 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs58 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs56 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}Cornmeal, for dusting\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, plus extra for drizzling\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon unsalted butter, at room temperature\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 onions (about 1 1/2 pounds), thinly sliced\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 teaspoon kosher salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 pound spicy turkey or pork sausage, casings removed, crumbled\
{\listtext	\'95	}All-purpose flour, for dusting\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 (13 to 16-ounce) ball pizza dough\
{\listtext	\'95	}3/4 cup (3 ounces) Pecorino Romano cheese\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup chopped fresh basil leaves\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs58 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs56 \cf0 Put an oven rack in the center of the oven. Preheat the oven to 475 degrees F. Sprinkle a heavy baking sheet (without sides) with cornmeal and set aside.\
In a large skillet, melt 3 tablespoons of olive oil and the butter over medium-low heat. Add the onions, salt and pepper. Cook, stirring occasionally, until golden and caramelized, about 20 minutes. Increase the heat to medium-high and add the sausage. Using a wooden spoon, break up the sausage and cook, stirring constantly, until cooked through, about 8 minutes. Set aside to cool slightly.\
On a lightly floured work surface, roll out the dough into a 13-inch diameter circle, about 1/4-inch thick. Transfer the dough to the prepared baking sheet and drizzle with olive oil. Spread the onion mixture evenly over the dough, leaving a 1-inch border. \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural

\f2 \cf0 Using a vegetable peeler, shave off Pecorino Romano\
slices and place on top of onions.
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Bake until the crust is golden and the cheese has melted, about 15 to 17 minutes. Remove from the oven and sprinkle with chopped basil. Cut the pizza into wedges and serve.}