{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red95\green97\blue97;\red161\green95\blue49;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10620\viewh18860\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs50 \cf2 Caramelized Onion & Prosciutto Pizza
\f1\fs28 \cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl600\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs32 \cf3 Servings:
\b0  8
\f1\b\fs38 \cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\fs32 \cf3 \

\fs46 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b0\fs42 \cf2 		1 whole Pizza Crust\
		Olive Oil, For Drizzling\
		1 whole Large Red Onion, Halved And Thinly Sliced\
		1/4 cup Brown Sugar\
		Kosher Salt To Taste\
		Parmesan Cheese, Grated\
		10 ounces, weight Fresh Mozzarella Cheese, Thinly Sliced\
		8 slices Prosciutto (more To Taste)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f1\b\fs46 \cf3 Instructions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\ql\qnatural

\f0\b0 \cf2 Preheat oven to 500 degrees.\
Heat 2 tablespoons olive oil in a large skillet. Add onions and brown sugar and toss/stir for several minutes, or until onions are brown and cooked. Set aside.\
Roll out pizza dough to a rectangular shape. Drizzle on olive oil, sprinkle on a little salt, followed by a little Parmesan.\
Lay slices of mozzarella evenly over the top of the crust. Arrange caramelized onions over the top of the mozzarella. Randomly lay slices of prosciutto over the onions.\
Bake for 15 to 17 minutes in the lower half of the oven, or until crust is golden brown. Remove from oven and cut into squares. Serve immediately.\

\fs32 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\b\fs48 \cf2 Basic Pizza Crust
\b0\fs44 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl600\ql\qnatural

\b\fs32 \cf3 Servings:
\b0  12
\f1\b\fs38 \cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural
\cf3 \

\fs46 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f0\b0\fs42 \cf2 		1 teaspoon Instant Or Active Dry Yeast\
		1-1/2 cup Warm Water\
		4 cups All-purpose Flour\
		1 teaspoon Kosher Salt\
		1/3 cup Olive Oil\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f1\b\fs46 \cf3 Preparation Instructions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\ql\qnatural

\f0\b0 \cf2 Sprinkle yeast over 1 1/2 cups warm (not lukewarm) water. Let stand for a few minutes.\
In a mixer, combine flour and salt. With the mixer running on low speed (with paddle attachment), drizzle in olive oil until combined with flour. Next, pour in yeast/water mixture and mix until just combined, and the dough comes together in a sticky mass.\
Coat a separate mixing bowl with a light drizzle of olive oil, and form the dough into a ball. Toss to coat dough in olive oil, then cover the bowl tightly with plastic wrap and set it aside for 1 to 2 hours, or store in the fridge until you need it.\
Note: it\'92s best to make the dough at least 24 hours in advance, and 3 or 4 days is even better.\
When you are ready to make the pizza, grab HALF the pizza dough (recipe makes 2 crusts) and squeeze the dough toward the bottom to form a nice, tight, pulled ball. You can roll out the pizza with a rolling pin if you\'92d like, but sometimes it\'92s just as easy to throw it around and pull and stretch till it feels right. And when the crust is nice and thin, lay it on an oiled baking sheet or pizza pan. Drizzle a little olive oil on the dough and spread it with your fingers. Very lightly sprinkle some salt on the crust.\
Preheat oven to 375 degrees. Top your crust with your toppings of choice. Then bake for 15 to 17 minutes, or until crust is golden brown and toppings are bubbly.\
\

\fs36 \
\
\
\
\
}