{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww26580\viewh20240\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs50 \cf0 Grilled California Pizzas
\f1\b0\fs28 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural
\cf2 Serves:
\b   
\b0 \cf0 6 pizzas
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\fs38 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 For the dough:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 1/4 cups warm (100 to 110 degrees F) water\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 packages dry {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/yeast/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 yeast}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon honey\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 tablespoons good olive oil\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 cups all-purpose flour, plus extra for kneading\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 teaspoons {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/salt/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 kosher salt}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 For the toppings (select 8):\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 red {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/onion/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 onion}}, thinly sliced\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 pound fresh {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/mozzarella/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 mozzarella}}, grated\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 pound Italian {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/fontina/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Fontina}}, grated\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 pound mild goat cheese, such as {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/montrachet/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Montrachet}}, sliced\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 red or yellow bell pepper, cored, seeded, and julienned\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 pound {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/prosciutto/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 prosciutto}}, thinly sliced and julienned\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 bunch {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/arugula/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 arugula}}, cleaned and dried\
{\listtext	\'95	}6 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/plum/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 plum}} {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/tomato/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 tomatoes}}, sliced 1/4-inch thick\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/pork/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 pork}} or {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/turkey/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 turkey}} sausages, cooked and sliced\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 bunch {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/basil/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 basil}} leaves, cleaned and dried\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 garlic cloves, roasted\
{\listtext	\'95	}Crushed red pepper flakes\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 For prep:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls3\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup good olive oil\
{\listtext	\'95	}Cornmeal\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 For the dough, combine the water, yeast, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/honey/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 honey}}, and olive oil in the bowl of an electric {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/mixer/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 mixer}} fitted with a dough hook. Add 3 cups flour, then the salt, and mix. While mixing, add 1 more cup of flour, or enough to make a soft dough. Knead the dough on low to medium speed for about 10 minutes until smooth, sprinkling it with flour, if necessary, to keep it from sticking to the bowl.\
When the dough is ready, turn it out onto a floured board and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/knead/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 knead}} by hand a dozen times. It should be smooth and elastic. Place the dough in a well-oiled bowl and turn it several times to cover it lightly with oil. Cover the bowl with a kitchen towel. Allow the dough to rest at room temperature for 30 minutes.\
Divide the dough into 6 equal parts and roll each one into a smooth ball. Place the balls on a baking sheet and cover them with a damp towel. Allow the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/dough/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 dough}} to rest for 10 minutes. Use immediately, or refrigerate for up to 4 hours.\
If you've chilled the dough, take it out of the refrigerator approximately 30 minutes ahead to let it come to room temperature. Roll and stretch each ball into a rough 8-inch circle and place them all on baking sheets sprinkled with {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cornmeal/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cornmeal}}. (You will be able to fit 2 pizzas on each 18 by 13-inch baking sheet.)\
Light your {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/grill/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 grill}} and wait until it's hot.\
Place the pizzas directly onto the grill and cook on 1 side for 1 minute. Turn the pizzas over and brush with olive oil or {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/garlic/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 garlic}} oil.\
Top the pizzas with any toppings you wish, piling them high. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/drizzle/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Drizzle}} each {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/pizza/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 pizza}} with 1 tablespoon of olive oil. Put the lid on your grill and cook for 5 minutes more, until the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/crust/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 crust}} is {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/crisp/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 crisp}} and the toppings are cooked.\
\
}