{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red61\green61\blue61;\red6\green124\blue174;\red47\green47\blue47;
}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15500\viewh20580\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs56 \cf0 Grilled Margherita Pizza \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\sa80\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs42 \cf2 3 (16-inch) round pizzas\

\f0\fs52 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf2 Ingredients
\f1\fs42 \cf2 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl460\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0 \cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}16 ounces all-purpose flour, plus extra for peel and rolling\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 envelope instant or rapid rise {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/yeast/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 yeast}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon kosher salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}10 ounces warm water, approximately 105 degrees F\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons olive oil, plus 2 teaspoons for bowl\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon malted {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/barley/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 barley}} syrup\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b \cf0 Margherita topping - Enough to top 1 (16-inch) round pizza:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 large tomato, cut into 1/3-inch thick slices\
{\listtext	\'95	}5 to 7 teaspoons olive oil, divided\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 cloves garlic, minced\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon kosher salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 teaspoon red pepper flakes\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2-ounce grated Parmesan\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 ounces part {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/skim/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 skim}} mozzarella, shredded\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 to 6 large {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/basil/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 basil}} leaves, shredded\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf2 \
Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl460\sa180\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf2 Dough:\
Combine the flour and yeast in the work bowl of a stand mixer. Add the salt, water, 2 tablespoons of olive oil, and malted barley syrup. Start the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/mixer/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 mixer}} on low, using the hook attachment, and mix until the dough just comes together, approximately 1 1/2 minutes. Increase the mixer speed to medium and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/knead/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 knead}} for 15 minutes.\
Tear off a small piece of dough and flatten into a disk. Gently stretch the dough until thin. Hold it up to the light and look to see if the bakers windowpane, or a see-through, taut membrane has formed. The dough will be quite sticky, but manageable. Fold the dough onto itself and form it into a smooth ball. Oil the bowl of the stand mixer or other large canister with 2 teaspoons of olive oil. Put the dough in the bowl and roll it around to coat with the oil. Cover with a tea towel or {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/plastic-wrap/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 plastic wrap}} and leave at room temperature to double in size, approximately 1 hour.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl460\sa180\ql\qnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/split/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 Split}} the dough into 3 equal parts using a knife or dough scraper. Flatten each piece into a disk on the countertop. Form each piece into a ball. Roll each ball on the counter until they tighten into rounds. Cover the balls with a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/tea/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 tea}} towel and rest for 45 minutes.\
Lightly flour the countertop and flatten 1 of the dough balls. Use a rolling pin to roll the dough into a 16-inch round, rotating and stretching the dough as you go. Transfer the dough to a lightly floured pizza peel and stretch to re-shape if necessary.}