{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww18500\viewh21220\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs86 \cf0 Pizza Dough I\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs54 \cf0 Yield:  6 small pizzas\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs44 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260\ql\qnatural

\b\fs70 \cf0 Ingredients
\b0\fs64 \
1 1/4 cups warm (100 to 110) water\
2 packages dry yeast\
1 tablespoon honey\
Good olive oil\
4 cups all-purpose flour, plus extra for kneading\
Kosher salt\
\

\b\fs70 Directions
\b0\fs64 \
Mix the dough: Combine the water, yeast, honey and 3 tablespoons of olive oil in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with a dough hook. When the yeast is dissolved, add 3 cups of flour, then 2 teaspoons salt, and mix on medium-low speed. While mixing, add up to 1 more cup of flour, or just enough to make a soft dough. Knead the dough for about 10 minutes until smooth, sprinkling it with the flour as necessary to keep it from sticking to the bowl.\
Knead by hand: When the dough is ready, turn it out onto a floured board and knead it by hand a dozen times. It should be smooth and elastic.\
Let it rise: Place the dough in a well-oiled bowl and turn it to cover it lightly with oil. Cover the bowl with a kitchen towel and allow the dough to rise at room temperature for 30 minutes.\
Portion the dough: Dump the dough onto a board and divide it into 6 equal pieces. Place the doughs on sheet pans lined with parchment paper and cover them with a damp towel. Allow the dough to rest for 10 minutes. Use immediately, or refrigerate for up to 4 hours.\
Stretch the dough: Press and stretch each ball into an 8-inch circle and place 2 circles on each sheet pan lined with parchment paper. (If you've chilled the dough, take it out of the refrigerator approximately 30 minutes ahead to let it come to room temperature.)\
\
}