{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red84\green84\blue84;\red51\green51\blue51;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15820\viewh14580\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl520\sa80\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs64 \cf0 Prosciutto, Mozzarella and Fig Pizza\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\fs38 \cf2 Yield:  \cf0 4 servings\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\ql\qnatural

\fs50 \cf0 INGREDIENTS\

\b0\fs46 PIZZA DOUGH:
\b\fs50 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs46 \cf0    \'95     1 2/3 cups/9oz/250g white bread flour,  plus extra for dusting\
   \'95     1 tsp salt\
   \'95     1/2 tsp active dry yeast\
   \'95     1/2 scant 2/3 cup/4 1/2 5fl oz /125 145ml warm water\
   \'95     2 tbsp extra-virgin olive oil, plus extra for oiling and drizzling\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 PIZZA TOPPING:\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tube of good tomato paste\
{\listtext	\'95	}9oz /250g mozzarella cheese\
{\listtext	\'95	}8 slices of prosciutto, ripped up into bite-size pieces\
{\listtext	\'95	}5 figs, quartered\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}Salt and freshly ground black pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 bunch of fresh basil\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls3\ilvl0\cf0 EQUIPMENT:\
{\listtext	\'95	}Very large baking sheet, or a 12in (30cm) pizza plate\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\ql\qnatural

\b\fs50 \cf0 DIRECTIONS \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa160\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs46 \cf3 Mix the flour, salt, and yeast together in a large bowl and make a well in the middle. In a pitcher, mix the water and oil together, then pour this into the well of the flour mixture and mix to make a soft but not sticky dough. Knead for 10 minutes by hand on a lightly floured counter or for 5 minutes in an electric mixer fitted with a dough hook. Bring the dough together to a smooth flat ball and place on a large, lightly floured baking sheet. Roll it out as flat as you can. \uc0\u8232 Cover the pizza dough loosely with oiled plastic wrap, making sure it is airtight. Let stand in a warm but not hot place for 30 to 40 minutes. \u8232 Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C). \u8232 Remove the plastic wrap from the dough and roll out to a 12in (30cm) circle to knock some air out, then prick holes all over the dough with a fork. Spread over the tomato paste, leaving a 1 in (2.5cm) border, followed by the mozzarella, prosciutto, and half the figs. Drizzle with oil and season with salt and pepper. Bake in the oven for 15 to 20 minutes, or until the bread is crisp and golden brown and the cheese has melted. \u8232 Scatter basil over the top and arrange the remaining figs on the pizza. Drizzle with oil. \u8232 
\fs38 \
}