{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red164\green194\blue114;\red45\green57\blue24;\red47\green43\blue34;
\red96\green124\blue51;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14800\viewh21080\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa400\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs58 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd8\expndtw40
Roasted Fennel and Italian Sausage Pizza with Garlic White Sauce\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa380\ql\qnatural

\fs48 \cf3 \kerning1\expnd8\expndtw40
For the Garlic White Sauce:\
\pard\pardeftab720\li40\ri760\sl360\sa120\ql\qnatural

\f1\i\fs42 \cf4 \kerning1\expnd4\expndtw20
(yields enough to cover 1-2 medium pizzas)
\i0 \kerning1\expnd4\expndtw20
\
3 tbsp. unsalted butter\uc0\u8232 4 garlic cloves, minced\u8232 3 tbsp. all-purpose flour\u8232 1 cup whole milk\u8232 1/4 tsp. kosher salt\u8232 1/4 tsp. ground black pepper\u8232 1/2 cup parmesan, shredded\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa420\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs44 \cf3 \kerning1\expnd8\expndtw40
Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\li40\ri760\sl360\sa120\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs42 \cf4 \kerning1\expnd4\expndtw20
In a medium saucepan over low heat, melt butter. Add garlic and cook for 1 minute. Add flour and stir completely to make a roux. Cook for 2 minutes, stirring frequently. Whisk in milk slowly and cook until thickened to desired consistency. Add cheese and stir to melt. Season with salt and pepper, adding more to taste if necessary.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa380\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs48 \cf3 \kerning1\expnd8\expndtw40
For the Roasted Fennel and Italian Sausage Pizza:\
\pard\pardeftab720\li40\ri760\sl360\sa120\ql\qnatural

\f1\i\fs42 \cf4 \kerning1\expnd4\expndtw20
(yields 1 medium pizza, about 8-10 slices)
\i0 \kerning1\expnd4\expndtw20
\
I pizza crust (might I suggest my {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.asweetpeachef.com/bread/honey-wheat-pizza-dough/"}}{\fldrslt 
\f2\b \cf5 \kerning1\expnd4\expndtw20
Honey Whole Wheat Pizza Dough}}?) (recipe below)\uc0\u8232 1/2 cup Garlic White Sauce, prepared (see recipe above)\u8232 1/4 cup fennel, thinly sliced\u8232 2 links good quality Italian sausage\u8232 6 oz. fresh mozzarella, sliced\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa420\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs44 \cf3 \kerning1\expnd8\expndtw40
Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\li40\ri760\sl360\sa120\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs42 \cf4 \kerning1\expnd4\expndtw20
Preheat oven to 400 degrees.\
Line a baking sheet with aluminum foil and spread out sliced fennel evenly over sheet. Season with kosher salt and ground black pepper. Roast fennel in oven for 10-13 minutes, or until it starts to turn golden.\
Heat a skillet over medium-high heat and add Italian sausage.\'a0 Break apart into small pieces. Stirring frequently, cook sausage until well-browned and crumbled.\
Once fennel is roasted, remove from oven and set aside. Turn heat in oven up to 500 degrees.\
Top prepared pizza crust with Garlic White Sauce, then roasted fennel, then crumbled Italian sausage, then mozzarella. Bake 5-10 minutes, or until edges are golden and cheese is bubbly.\
\
\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural
\cf4 \kerning1\expnd4\expndtw20
Enjoy!\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa400\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs58 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd8\expndtw40
Honey Whole Wheat Pizza Dough\
\pard\pardeftab720\li40\ri760\sl360\sa120\ql\qnatural

\f1\i\fs42 \cf4 \kerning1\expnd4\expndtw20
yields 2 medium-large pizza doughs
\i0 \kerning1\expnd4\expndtw20
\
1 cup lukewarm water\uc0\u8232 3 cups whole wheat flour\u8232 3 tbsp. honey\u8232 1 tsp. kosher salt\u8232 2 tbsp. olive oil plus extra for spreading on dough\u8232 2 tsp. yeast\u8232 1-2 tsp. cornmeal\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa380\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs48 \cf3 \kerning1\expnd8\expndtw40
Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\li40\ri760\sl360\sa120\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs42 \cf4 \kerning1\expnd4\expndtw20
Place the ingredients into your bread machine, starting with the wet ingredients, followed by the dry and then the yeast. Follow the instructions for your bread machine.\
Preheat oven to 450 degrees.\'a0 Place the pizza stone in the oven while it\'92s preheating.\
Once the dough is ready, split it into two pieces and roll each out separately on a lightly-floured surface until it\'92s the right size to fit on the pizza stone.\'a0 Sprinkle some cornmeal, about 1 teaspoon, over the stone once it\'92s hot to keep the pizza from sticking. I also put some cornmeal on the peel so the dough doesn\'92t stick when I transfer it to the oven.\
I pre-bake my pizza dough a little before I put any toppings on it. I find this makes the dough nice and crunchy with a good chewiness to it. Just place each dough, separately, on the stone.\'a0 Spread the dough evenly over the stone.\'a0 Make several puncture holes with a fork to help keep the bubbling down. Brush the entire surface of the dough with a light layer of olive oil. This will help keep the dough chewy and not brittle. As it bakes, check on it to make sure its not bubbling. If it is, just press down any large bubbles with a spatula. Once the dough starts to become golden, take it out of the oven and place your favorite toppings on it. Then, just place back in the oven to finish cooking the toppings.\
\
\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural
\cf4 \kerning1\expnd4\expndtw20
Enjoy!
\f0\fs44 \cf3 \kerning1\expnd8\expndtw40
\
\
}