{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red144\green196\blue0;\red158\green155\blue148;\red95\green89\blue77;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17580\viewh18940\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl560\sa100\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs82 \cf2 Spinach Artichoke Pesto Pizza \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri1020\sl440\ql\qnatural

\f1\b\fs50 \cf3 Yield:
\b0  1 large pizza\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\ql\qnatural

\fs54 \cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\sa100\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs66 \cf3 ingredients:\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa300\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs54 \cf4 1-16 ounce pizza dough (\cf2 see recipe below\cf4 )\uc0\u8232 1/2 cup of your favorite pesto\u8232 1 cup chopped spinach\u8232 1 cup chopped artichoke hearts, use jarred or canned and drain them\u8232 1 cup shredded mozzarella cheese\u8232 1/2 cup shredded parmesan cheese\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\sa100\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs66 \cf3 directions:\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa300\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs54 \cf4 1. Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F.\
2. Place the pizza dough on a lightly floured surface. Using a rolling pin, roll the dough out into a circle. Carefully move the pizza dough to a pizza pan or pizza stone. Spread the pizza evenly with pesto. Top with spinach, artichokes, mozzarella, and parmesan cheese.\
3. Place the pizza in the hot oven and bake for 18-20 minutes or until pizza crust is golden and cheese is melted. Remove the pizza from the oven and let the pizza cool for a few minute. Cut into slices and serve.\
Note: If we don't have time to make homemade pizza dough we like to use Trader Joe's or Whole Foods refrigerated pizza dough. You can make this pizza gluten-free by using gluten-free pizza dough.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\sa100\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs66 \cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl560\sa100\ql\qnatural

\fs82 \cf2 Pizza Dough
\f1\fs54 \cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa300\ql\qnatural
\cf4 2 1/4 teaspoons rapid rise yeast\uc0\u8232 1 cup warm water\u8232 Pinch of sugar\u8232 3 1/2 cups Gold Medal Better For Bread Flour\u8232 1 teaspoon salt\u8232 1 tablespoon olive oil\u8232 Corn meal-for spreading on pizza peel\
1. In a glass measuring cup or small bowl, combine yeast and 1 cup warm water. Add a pinch of sugar and let sit for 5 minutes.\
2. In the bowl of a stand mixer, add the flour and salt. Mix the ingredients until combined.\
3. Add the yeast mixture to the flour mixture. Next, add 1 tablespoon of olive oil. Mix until combined. Switch to the dough hook and knead for about 5 minutes on medium speed.\
4. Spray a large bowl with cooking spray. Form dough into a ball and place in the bowl. Cover pizza dough with a damp towel and set in a warm area to rise. Let the dough rise for 1 hour or until dough has doubled in size.\
6. Cut the dough in half. Take one piece of dough and punch it down on a lightly floured surface. You can refrigerate or freeze the other half of the dough or make 2 pizzas, if you wish. Using a rolling pin, roll the dough out into a circle. Place the pizza on a pizza peel or pan that has been generously coated with corn meal.\
\
\
}