{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14140\viewh14960\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs50 \cf0 Amaretto Chocolate Brownies \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs30 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 12 brownies\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs34 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}2 sticks unsalted butter, plus more for pan\
{\listtext	\'95	}8 ounces bittersweet chocolate \
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/4 cups all-purpose flour\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon baking powder\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}Pinch\cf0  salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 large eggs\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 cups sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons amaretto \cf2 liqueur\cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.\
Line a 9 by 9 square baking pan with parchment paper, making sure paper hangs over the edges. \cf2 Grease\cf0  paper with butter so the brownies don't stick. \cf2 Melt\cf0  butter and chocolate over a double-boiler and stir gently until smooth and shiny. Remove from the heat and cool slightly.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf2 Sift\cf0  together flour, baking powder, and salt into a mixing bowl and set aside. Whisk together \cf2 eggs\cf0 , sugar and \cf2 amaretto\cf0  in a mixing bowl until combined. Pour in \cf2 chocolate\cf0  mixture and continue to \cf2 whisk\cf0  until combined. Gradually add flour mixture, then add walnuts and incorporate with a wooden spoon. Transfer \cf2 batter\cf0  to baking pan and bake for 40 to 45 minutes or until a \cf2 cake\cf0  tester comes out clean when inserted into the middle of the pan. When done, invert onto a cutting board, remove paper and cut into squares. \
\
}