{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red95\green97\blue97;\red161\green95\blue49;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16500\viewh18340\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs44 \cf2 Decorated Brownie Bites\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f1\b\fs28 \cf3 \

\fs38 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b0\fs34 \cf2 		Brownies\
		4 whole 1-ounce Squares Unsweetened Chocolate, Melted And Cooled\
		2 sticks Butter, Softened (but Not Room Temperature)\
		2 cups Sugar\
		4 whole Large Eggs\
		3 teaspoons Vanilla Extract\
		1-\'bc cup All-purpose Flour\
		1 cup Milk Chocolate Chips\
		1 cup Semi-sweet Chocolate Chunks\
		ICING/GLAZE\
		8 whole 1-ounce Squares Semi-sweet Chocolate, Chopped\
		1 cup Cream, Heated\
		2 Tablespoons Light Corn Syrup\
		2 teaspoons Vanilla Extract\
\pard\tx560\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f1\b\fs38 \cf3 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\ql\qnatural

\f0\b0 \cf2 Preheat oven to 325 degrees\
For brownies, melt 4 ounces chocolate and set aside for 15 to 30 minutes, allowing to cool. Chocolate should not be warm!\
Cream butter and sugar until fluffy. Beat in the eggs two at a time.\
With mixer on low, drizzle in cooled chocolate. Mix until just combined. Add flour and mix until just combined. Scrape sides and bottom of bowl and mix for five more seconds.\
Add chocolate chips and chocolate chunks and mix for just a few seconds on low, until they\'92re incorporated.\
Generously grease and flour mini-muffin pan. Scoop generous teaspoons of batter into each tin. (We don\'92t want the brownies to have muffin tops; try to get them to stay under the top of the tin.)\
Bake for 10 to 14 minutes, or until set. Remove pans and invert on a cooling rack. Allow brownie bites to cool completely.\
To make the icing, mix cream with corn syrup and heat in a microwave safe container. Add chopped chocolate to a separate bowl. Add vanilla to warm cream mixture, then pour over chopped chocolate. Stir until chocolate totally melts and mixture is smooth.\
Add brownie bites face down in the icing. Dunk to submerge, and spoon icing over the top to thoroughly coat. Remove with a fork, tapping the fork on the side of the bowl several times quickly in order to get the excess to drain between the tines. Carefully set on a baking mat or sheet of waxed paper.\
}