{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;\f1\fmodern\fcharset0 CourierNewPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green75\blue141;\red115\green115\blue115;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13100\viewh21320\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\qj

\f0\b\fs42 \cf2 Coffee Liqueur Brownies\

\b0\fs36 \cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa240\ql\qnatural

\f1 \cf0 Ingredients:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}6 tbsp unsweetened cocoa\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup butter\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 tsp vanilla extract\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 tsp salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/3 cup flour\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 eggs\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup raw pecan halves\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup homemade coffee liqueur or Kahlua\'ae\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa240\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Add the cocoa powder to a mixing bowl. Melt the butter in a saucepan over a low heat being careful not to overheat. Keep the heat just enough to melt the butter. Add the butter to the cocoa powder and mix thoroughly with a rubber spatula until the butter and cocoa forms a thick paste.\
Next, add the eggs, sugar, flour, salt and vanilla extract. Thoroughly mix all ingredients into a smooth batter. Finally, add the coffee liqueur and pecans and fold it all together into the batter.\
Preheat the oven to 325\'b0. Use an 8 inch x 8 inch glass baking dish or metal pan and flour it to keep the brownies from sticking to the pan. Use Crisco\'ae or other vegetable fat product or spray it with a light coat of Pam\'ae non-stick spray, then flour the baking dish or pan. Add the batter to the baking dish or pan, and then bake for 40 to 45 minutes. Use a toothpick to check them. Poke the toothpick into the brownies and pull it out. The brownies will be done when the toothpick comes out clean. If they are not done, continue to bake and check every 3 to 4 minutes with the toothpick.\
After baking, set aside to cool. When the brownies are only slightly warm, cut into 2 inch squares.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\qj

\f0 \cf3 Melt the butter in a saucepan over a low heat.\
Make sure the butter is completely melted and then add melted butter and cocoa to a mixing bowl.\
Mix cocoa and butter with a rubber spatula into a smooth paste.\
Add flour, sugar, eggs, vanilla extract and salt.\
Thoroughly mix all ingredients into a batter.\
Next, add the pecans and liqueur. Use either your own homemade coffee liqueur or Kahlua\'ae.\
Thoroughly mix everything together.\
Preheat the oven to 325\'b0. Flour an 8 x 8 baking dish to keep the brownies from sticking when they are baked. You can use a vegetable fat product like Crisco\'ae or a non-stick spray like Pam\'ae.\
Pour the mixture into the floured baking dish.\
Bake at 325\'b0 for about 40 \'96 45 minutes. Poke a toothpick into the brownies to check to see if they are done. If the toothpick comes out clean, pull them out of the oven immediately.\
Allow to cool for 15 minutes or so, then slice into 2 inch squares.\
\pard\pardeftab720\qj

\b \cf3 Share and Enjoy
\f1\b0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa240\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
}