{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Creme de Menthe Brownies\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs32 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 16 servings\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs36 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 (19.5-ounce) box {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/chocolate/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 milk chocolate}} brownie mix (recommended: Pillsbury)\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 eggs\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup vegetable oil\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup plus 2 teaspoons creme de menthe {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/liqueur/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 liqueur}}, divided\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup chopped creme de menthe thins, about 18 (recommended: Andes)\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 (8-ounce) package cream cheese, softened (recommended: Philadelphia)\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup sugar\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 Lightly spray a 1 1/2-quart souffle dish with butter-flavored {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cooking-spray/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cooking spray}}.\
Make a foil ring, 1-inch thick, for souffle dish to sit on inside a 5-quart {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/slow-cooker/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 slow cooker}}.\
In a medium bowl, combine brownie mix, 2 eggs, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/vegetable-oils/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 vegetable oil}}, and 1/4 cup creme de menthe. Stir using 50 strokes or use a hand {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/blender/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 blender}} on medium speed for 1 minute to combine. Fold in chopped mint thins. Transfer to prepared souffle dish and set aside.\
In a medium bowl, combine {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cream-cheese/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cream cheese}}, remaining egg, sugar, and 2 teaspoons creme de menthe. Using an electric mixer beat on low speed until smooth. Spread over brownie mixture. Use a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/butter/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 butter}} knife to cut cream cheese mixture into brownie mixture for a marble effect.\
Place {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/souffle-dish/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 souffle dish}} on top of foil ring in slow cooker. Lay 8 paper towels over top of slow cooker bowl and secure with lid. (This helps to trap steam.)\
Cook on LOW setting for 4 1/2 to 6 hours. (Do not lift lid to check {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/brownie/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 brownies}} for the first 3 hours.)\
Allow brownies to cool completely before cutting.\
}