{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red82\green82\blue82;\red51\green51\blue51;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17260\viewh19120\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl540\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs54 \cf2 Peanut Butter Cup Brownies
\fs36 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl540\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs30 \cf2 Makes 24 bars\cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl540\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs42 \cf2 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl540\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0 \cf2 		11 ounces miniature peanut butter cups\
		12 ounces unsalted butter\
		4 1/2 ounces unsweetened baking chocolate\
		9 ounces 60 percent cocoa bittersweet chocolate chips\
		6 large eggs, room temperature\
		10 1/2 ounces granulated sugar\
		12 ounces light brown sugar\
		1 teaspoon salt\
		2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract\
		1 1/2 cups all-purpose bleached flour\
		3/4 teaspoon baking powder\
		2 tablespoons coarsely chopped salted peanuts\
		1 ounce milk chocolate chips\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl540\ql\qnatural

\f0\b \cf2 Preparation\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl540\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0 \cf2 Unwrap peanut butter cups. Set aside.\
Cut butter sticks into one-inch slices. In a small heavy saucepan, begin to melt the butter pieces over the lowest setting.\
While butter is melting, chop the unsweetened chocolate into 1/4-inch pieces; add to the melting butter along with 9 ounces of the bittersweet chips. Use a small whisk to stir occasionally to speed melting process. When chocolate is melted and completely smooth, turn off the heat but leave saucepan on the burner while proceeding with recipe.\
Set a rack in the middle level of the oven and preheat to 350 degrees F.\
Butter a 9 by 13 by 2-inch baking pan. Line with heavy duty aluminum foil (shiny side up) so it comes halfway up the sides of the pan and extends 1-inch beyond two ends of the pan. Butter foil in pan.\
Lightly whisk eggs by hand in mixing bowl.\
Place granulated sugar, light brown sugar and salt in a separate medium bowl; whisk into eggs until just incorporated.\
Gradually whisk in melted butter/chocolate mixture until just combined, then briefly whisk in the vanilla extract. Remove whisk from bowl.\
Place flour and baking powsder in medium bowl; whisk together to combine. Sift through a medium strainer directly onto batter. Fold in with a silicone spatula until just combined. Pour batter into prepared pan and spread evenly with a small offset spatula.\
Push the peanut butter cups into the top of the brownie batter; do not put any within 1/2-inch of the pan sides.\
Sprinkle the chopped peanuts evenly over the batter, then place milk chocolate chips evenly on the batter.\
Bake for 34 minutes or until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean. Transfer pan to a cooling rack and cool at room temperature for 30 minutes, then refrigerate for 7 to 8 hours (or overnight.)\
To remove slab, run a thin knife between the foil and the sides of the pan, then remove chilled brownie slab from pan; peel off and discard foil. Place brownie slab on a cutting board. Cut into squares or bars.\
}