{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs50 \cf0 Raspberry-Chipotle Brownies with Chocolate Ganache\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs30 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 18 brownies\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs34 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs42 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs40 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 box (19.5 oz) chocolate fudge brownie mix\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup canola oil\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup water\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 eggs\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon chipotle chili powder\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon instant espresso powder\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup raspberry preserves\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 bag (12 oz) semi-sweet chocolate baking chips (2 cups)\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup whipping cream\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs42 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs40 \cf0 Heat oven to 350degreesF. Spray 13x9-inch pan with Crisco(R) Original No-Stick Cooking Spray.\
In large bowl, stir brownie mix, oil, water, eggs, chili powder and espresso powder 50 strokes with spoon. Spread batter in pan. Drop spoonfuls of preserves onto batter; swirl preserves and batter with knife in S-shaped curves.\
Bake 25 to 30 minutes or until toothpick inserted 2 inches from side of pan comes out almost clean. Cool completely, about 1 hour.\
In medium microwavable bowl, microwave chocolate chips and cream uncovered on High 30 to 60 seconds, stirring every 30 seconds, until smooth. Pour mixture over brownies. Refrigerate 30 minutes (topping will be soft). Cut into 6 rows by 3 rows. Store loosely covered in refrigerator.\
\
}