{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red84\green84\blue84;\red51\green51\blue51;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl520\sa80\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs66 \cf0 Spicy Caramel Chunk Brownies\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\fs40 \cf2 Yield:  \cf0 1 (9-inch by 13-inch) pan; 32 servings\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\ql\qnatural

\fs52 \cf0 INGREDIENTS\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0\fs48 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}Nonstick cooking spray\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup (2 sticks) salted butter\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 (1-ounce) squares unsweetened chocolate, coarsely chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 cups granulated sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 large eggs, at room temperature\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup all-purpose flour\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon ground cinnamon\
{\listtext	\'95	}Salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup prepared dulce de leche\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 to 1 teaspoon chipotle powder\
{\listtext	\'95	}3/4 cup (5 ounces) roughly chopped semisweet chocolate\
{\listtext	\'95	}3/4 cup chopped toasted walnuts\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\ql\qnatural

\b\fs52 \cf0 DIRECTIONS\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa160\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs48 \cf3 Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spray a 9-inch by 13-inch baking dish with nonstick cooking spray and set aside. 
\b \uc0\u8232 
\b0 \uc0\u8232 Melt the butter and chocolate together in either the microwave or on the stovetop in a small saucepan. 
\b \uc0\u8232 
\b0 \uc0\u8232 Meantime, combine the sugar, eggs, and extract in a large bowl. Stir in the flour, cinnamon, and 1/2 teaspoon salt and set aside. 
\b \uc0\u8232 
\b0 \uc0\u8232 Combine the dulce de leche with chipotle powder. Mix well and set aside. 
\b \uc0\u8232 
\b0 \uc0\u8232 When the butter-chocolate mixture is melted and smooth, combine with the egg mixture and stir until smooth. Pour the mixture into the prepared pan. Place 1 tablespoon-size drops of spiced dulce de leche on top of the batter and swirl with a knife. Sprinkle the batter with chocolate chunks and walnuts. Bake 25 minutes or until center is set. 
\b \uc0\u8232 
\b0 \uc0\u8232 Allow the brownies to cool completely before cutting (good luck with that). Enjoy. 
\b \uc0\u8232 
\b0 \uc0\u8232 Cook's Note: These decadent brownies hit all of the high spots on the taste scale for sure. \u8232 The key step to this tasty treat is mixing the spicy chipotle powder with the sweet and gooey dulce de leche to make the decadent ribbons of kicked-up caramel through the brownies.}