{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red187\green0\blue54;\red61\green61\blue61;\red6\green124\blue174;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12220\viewh18640\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\li280\ri1000\sl660\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs60 \cf2 50 Easy Toast Toppers\

\f1\b0\fs26 \cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa280\ql\qnatural

\fs48 \cf3 1. Spread with goat cheese; top with finely chopped canned beets, an orange segment and fresh mint.\
2. Spread with fig jam; top with gorgonzola cheese and prosciutto.\
3. Spread with fig jam; top with goat cheese and chopped walnuts.\
4. Spread with butter; top with thinly sliced bread-and-butter pickles.\
5. Spread with hummus; top with olive tapenade.\cf4 \
\cf3 6. Top with sliced figs; drizzle with honey; sprinkle with sea salt.\cf4 \
\cf3 7. Mash avocado with salt and lime juice; spread on toasts; top with shrimp.\
8. Spread with ricotta cheese; top with chopped roasted red peppers; sprinkle with salt and pepper.\
9. Rub with a garlic clove; top with sliced plum tomatoes; sprinkle with sea salt.\
10. Spread with butter; top with thinly sliced radishes; sprinkle with sea salt.\
11. Toss canned tuna with lemon juice and zest, olive oil, chopped parsley and salt; spread on toasts.\
12. Spread with gorgonzola cheese; top with sliced pears.\
13. Top with chopped grapes and wrap with prosciutto.\
14. Top with pesto and shaved parmesan cheese.\
15. Top with pesto, crumbled bacon and chopped tomatoes.\cf4 \
\cf3 16. Top with pesto and chopped sun-dried tomatoes.\
17. Spread with mashed avocado; top with crumbled bacon and sprouts.\
18. Spread with ricotta cheese; drizzle with olive oil; add a dash of salt and pepper.\
19. Brush with olive oil; add a thin slice of manchego cheese; top with chorizo.\
20. Chop rotisserie chicken meat and toss with barbecue sauce; spoon onto toasts;\uc0\u8232 top with chopped pickles.\
21. Combine mayonnaise with wasabi paste; spreadon toasts; top with lump crab meat.\
22. Combine mayonnaise and wasabi paste; toss finely chopped sushi-grade tuna with sesame oil; spread wasabi mayo on toasts; top with tuna.\
23. Whip cream cheese with chopped dill; spread on toasts; top with thinly sliced smoked salmon.\cf4 \
\cf3 24. Spread with taleggio cheese; top with candied pecans or walnuts.\
25. Spread with apple butter; top with crumbled blue cheese and chopped fresh sage.\
26. Saut\'e9 finely chopped mushrooms in butter and season with salt and thyme; spread on toasts; top with shaved parmesan cheese.\
27. Saut\'e9 thinly sliced onions in butter until caramelized; spread toasts with brie cheese; top with apple slices and caramelized onions.\
28. Top with thinly sliced apples and grated cheddar cheese; broil until melted.\
29. Spread with butter; top with thinly sliced ham and a cornichon slice.\
30. Spread with cranberry sauce; top with thinly sliced turkey; sprinkle with sea salt and pepper.\
31. Saut\'e9 thinly sliced fennel and golden raisins in olive oil until soft; spoon onto toasts.\
32. Combine cream cheese and chopped chipotle chiles in adobo sauce; spread on toasts; top with thinly sliced smoked turkey.\
33. Top with fresh tomato pulp; sprinkle with sea salt and fresh basil.\
34. Combine refried beans with chopped green chiles; spread on toasts; top with pepper jack cheese and broil until melted.\
35. Combine equal parts sour cream and cream cheese with horseradish; spread on toasts; top with thinly sliced roast beef.\
36. Halve asparagus tips lengthwise; steam until al dente and season with salt; spread premade egg salad on toast; top with an asparagus tip.\
37. Wilt baby spinach and toss with crumbled bacon; spoon onto toasts; top with chopped hard-boiled eggs.\
38. Toss finely chopped romaine with Caesar dressing and grated parmesan cheese; spoon onto toasts; top with an anchovy.\cf4 \
\cf3 39. Spread with brie cheese; top with thinly sliced ham and a dollop of grainy mustard.\
40. Spread with mascarpone; top with crumbled bacon and chopped grapes.\
41. Whip cream cheese with lemon zest; spread on toasts; top with fresh raspberries.\
42. Spread with Nutella; top with orange marmalade.\
43. Spread with mascarpone; top with thinly sliced melon and prosciutto.\
44. Spread with orange marmalade; top with thinly sliced smoked deli turkey and smoked mozzarella cheese.\
45. Saut\'e9 thinly sliced apples in butter until soft; spoon onto toasts; top with thinly sliced ham.\
46. Spread with creamy peanut butter; top with thinly sliced bananas; drizzle with honey.\
47. Whip peanut butter and marshmallow fluff; spread on toasts; top with shaved chocolate.\
48. Spread with cream cheese; top with hot pepper jelly.\
49. Spread with ricotta cheese; drizzle with honey; add a dash of pepper.\
50. Whip mascarpone and confectioners\'92 sugar; brush toasts with espresso and spread with sweetened mascarpone; top with shaved chocolate and cocoa powder.\
\
}