{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12360\viewh16360\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs50 \cf0 Antipasto Platter With Grilled Vegetables\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs30 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 6 servings\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs34 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs42 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 For the Vegetables:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs40 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 lemon, halved\
{\listtext	\'95	}Kosher salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 pound baby artichokes\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/olive-oil/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 extra-virgin olive oil}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon white {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/balsamic-vinegar/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 balsamic vinegar}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons minced fresh herbs (oregano, parsley, basil and thyme)\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/garlic/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 clove garlic}}, minced\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon tomato juice\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/red-bell-pepper/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 red bell peppers}}, quartered\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs42 \cf0 For the Platter:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs40 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1/4 pound parmigiano- reggiano cheese, crumbled\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 pound taleggio cheese and/or fresh {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/goat-cheese/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 goat cheese}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}3/4 pound thinly sliced cured meats ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/prosciutto/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 prosciutto}}, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/mortadella/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 mortadella}} and/or salami)\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup olive tapenade\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 loaf {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/artisanal/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 artisanal}} bread, sliced\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs42 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs40 \cf0 Prepare the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/artichoke/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 artichokes}}: Fill a saucepan with water; squeeze in the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/lemon/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 lemon juice}}. Add the squeezed lemon halves to the water and season with salt.\
Cut off and discard the top one-quarter of each artichoke with a serrated knife. Snap off the tough outer leaves. Peel the stem and base with a paring knife. Halve the artichokes lengthwise and drop into the saucepan. Cover and bring to a boil, then uncover, reduce the heat and simmer 5 minutes. Remove from the heat and let the artichokes sit in the hot liquid until just tender, 5 to 10 minutes; drain.\
Whisk the olive oil, both vinegars, the sugar, herbs, garlic and tomato juice in a bowl. Put the artichokes and bell peppers in another bowl; drizzle with the vinegar mixture and let marinate 10 to 20 minutes.\
Preheat a grill or {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/grill-pan/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 grill pan}} to medium high. Grill the artichokes and peppers, turning, until browned, about 8 minutes. (Or, roast on a rimmed baking sheet in a 400 degrees F oven, 10 to 15 minutes.)\
Assemble the platter: Arrange the cheeses, cured meats, tapenade, artichokes and bell peppers on a board or platter. Serve with the bread.\
\
}