{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid4}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Antipasti Platter\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs32 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 6 to 8 servings\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs36 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 pound assorted sliced deli meats (such as salami, spicy {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/capocollo/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 capocollo}}, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/prosciutto/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 prosciutto}}, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/mortadella/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 mortadella}}, and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/bresaola/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 bresaola}})\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 pound Parmigiano-Reggiano, cut into irregular chunks\
{\listtext	\'95	}Pinzimonio, recipe follows\
{\listtext	\'95	}Marinated Olives, recipe follows\
{\listtext	\'95	}Roasted Pepper Salad, recipe follows\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 loaf {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/focaccia/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 focaccia}} bread, sliced\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 Arrange the meats, cheeses, and foccacia on a large platter. Arrange a platter of Pinzimonio. Place the Marinated Olives and Roasted Red Pepper Salad in small serving bowls. Serve, allowing guests to compose their own assortment of antipasti on their plate.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Pinzimonio:
\f1\b0\fs42 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup olive oil\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 teaspoons salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}Assorted cut-up vegetables (such as carrots, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/celery/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 celery}}, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/fennel/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 fennel}} bulb, radishes, red and orange bell peppers, and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/tomato/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cherry tomatoes}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Stir the oil, salt, and pepper in a small bowl to {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/blend/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 blend}}. Arrange the vegetables on a platter. Serve the vegetables with the dip.\
Yield: 4 to 6 servings\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Marinated Olives:
\f1\b0\fs42 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls3\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}3 tablespoons olive oil\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon lemon {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/zest/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 zest}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon dried crushed red pepper flakes\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 cups Sicilian cracked green olives\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 cups kalamata olives\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoon chopped fresh basil leaves\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Stir the oil, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/lemon/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 lemon}} zest, and red pepper flakes in a heavy small skillet over medium heat just until fragrant, about 1 minute. Remove from the heat. Add the olives and toss to coat. Add the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/basil/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 basil}}; toss to coat. Serve.\
Yield: 3 cups\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Roasted Pepper Salad:
\f1\b0\fs42 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls4\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}3 red bell peppers\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/orange/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 orange}} bell pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/3 cup pitted kalamata olives, thinly sliced\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup olive oil\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons drained capers\
{\listtext	\'95	}6 fresh basil leaves, chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/garlic/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 garlic}} cloves, minced\
{\listtext	\'95	}Salt and freshly ground black pepper\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Preheat the broiler. Cover a heavy baking sheet with foil. Arrange the bell peppers on the baking sheet. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/broil/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Broil}} until the skins brown and blister, turning the peppers over occasionally, about 15 minutes. Enclose the peppers in a resealable plastic bag. Set aside until cooled to room temperature, about 20 minutes.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/peel/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Peel}}, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/seed/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 seed}}, and cut the peppers into 1/2-inch thick strips. Toss the pepper strips, olives, oil, capers, basil, garlic, salt, and pepper in a medium bowl to combine. Cover and refrigerate up to 2 days.\
}