{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs56 \cf0 Apricot and Walnut Phyllo Cups\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs36 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 12 phyllo cups\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs46 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 cups (8 1/2 ounces) dried {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/apricot/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 apricots}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup chopped and toasted {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/walnut/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 walnuts}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup honey\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon orange zest, from 1 large orange, plus more for garnish, optional,\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons fresh {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/orange/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 orange juice}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon ground cardamom\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 sheets frozen {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/phyllo/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 phyllo}} dough, thawed\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/butter/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 unsalted butter}}, melted\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs46 \cf0 Special Equipment: a 12-count mini {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/muffin-pan/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 muffin pan}}\
Place an oven rack in the center of the oven and preheat to 375 degrees F.\
In the bowl of a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/food-processor/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 food processor}}, pulse together the apricots, walnuts, honey, 1 tablespoon {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/zest/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 orange zest}}, orange juice, and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cardamom/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cardamom}}, until the apricots are in 1/4-inch pieces.\
Place a sheet of phyllo dough on a work surface. Brush the dough with melted butter. Place another sheet of dough on top and brush with melted butter. Repeat with remaining dough and melted butter. Using a sharp knife, trim the pastry into a 12 by 9-inch rectangle. Cut the dough into 12 (3-inch) square pieces. Gently press each piece of dough into the muffin pan. Spoon the apricot filling into the cups. Bake for 12 to 14 minutes until the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/pastry/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 pastry}} is golden. Remove from the oven and let the phyllo cups cool for 10 minutes. Using a dessert spoon or a small {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/spatula/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 spatula}}, remove the phyllo cups from the pan. Place on a rack and cool completely.\
Arrange the phyllo cups on a platter, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/garnish/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 garnish}} with orange zest, if using, and serve. Or, store in an airtight plastic container for up to 4 days.}