{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11620\viewh12280\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Artichoke and Bean Crostini\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs32 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 4 to 6 servings\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}Vegetable cooking spray\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 very thin slices prosciutto\
{\listtext	\'95	}12 (1/4-inch thick) slices rustic country bread\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup extra-virgin olive oil, plus extra for drizzling\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 (12-ounce) package frozen {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/artichoke/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 artichoke}} hearts, thawed\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 (15-ounce) can cannellini beans, rinsed and drained\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup grated {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/pecorino/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Pecorino}} {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/romano/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Romano}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup coarsely chopped fresh basil leaves\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon lemon zest\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 teaspoons fresh lemon juice\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 teaspoons {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/salt/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 kosher salt}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 Put an oven rack in the center of the oven. Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Spray a baking sheet with vegetable cooking spray\
Lay the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/prosciutto/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 prosciutto}} in a single layer on the prepared baking sheet and bake for 10 to 12 minutes until crispy. Set aside to cool for 10 minutes.\
On another baking sheet, arrange the bread slices in a single layer. Using a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/pastry-brush/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 pastry brush}}, brush the bread with 1/4 cup of the oil. Bake until golden, about 12 to 15 minutes.\
In a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/food-processor/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 food processor}}, combine the artichoke hearts, beans, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cheese/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cheese}}, basil, lemon zest, lemon juice, salt, and pepper. Pulse until the mixture is chunky. With the machine running, slowly add the remaining 1/4 cup of olive oil. Spoon the artichoke mixture onto the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/crostini/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 crostini}}. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/crumble/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Crumble}} the prosciutto and sprinkle on top. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/drizzle/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Drizzle}} with oil and serve.}