{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red164\green194\blue114;\red47\green43\blue34;\red45\green57\blue24;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12980\viewh18900\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa400\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs62 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd8\expndtw40
Baked Pita Chips\
\pard\pardeftab720\li40\ri760\sl360\sa120\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs46 \cf3 \kerning1\expnd4\expndtw20
12 pita bread pockets (I used whole wheat pita pockets)\uc0\u8232 1/2 cup olive oil\u8232 1/2 tsp. kosher salt plus more for sprinkling\u8232 1/2 tsp. ground black pepper\u8232 1/4 tsp. garlic powder\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa380\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs52 \cf4 \kerning1\expnd8\expndtw40
Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\li40\ri760\sl360\sa120\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs46 \cf3 \kerning1\expnd4\expndtw20
Preheat oven to 400 degrees.\
Break the pita pockets in half and cut each pocket half into 4 equal triangles/wedges (each whole pita pocket will make 8 triangles). Line 3-4 baking sheets with parchment paper. Place pita triangles on baking sheets, leaving space in between to allow for even baking.\
In a small mixing bowl, combine olive oil, 1/2 tsp. kosher salt, ground black pepper and garlic powder. Brush each triangle top with olive oil mixture.\
Bake for 5-7 minutes, until lightly golden brown and crispy. Take care not to let the chips burn on the bottom. Remove from oven and lightly sprinkle with kosher salt, if desired. Allow to cool on baking sheet.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural
\cf3 \kerning1\expnd4\expndtw20
Enjoy!\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa400\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs62 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd8\expndtw40
Hummus\
\pard\pardeftab720\li40\ri760\sl360\sa120\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs46 \cf3 \kerning1\expnd4\expndtw20
3 tbsp. sesame seeds (or 1/3 cup tahini)\uc0\u8232 4-5 garlic cloves, whole (use 5 if you really want a strong garlic hummus)\u8232 19 oz. garbanzo beans (chickpeas), drained (reserve juices)\u8232 1/4 cup olive oil\u8232 1 tbsp. fresh lemon juice\u8232 1 tsp. kosher salt\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa380\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs52 \cf4 \kerning1\expnd8\expndtw40
Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\li40\ri760\sl360\sa120\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs46 \cf3 \kerning1\expnd4\expndtw20
In a small skillet, toast sesame seeds over medium heat until golden, shaking pan often. Be careful not to burn the seeds. Set aside.\
Add garlic cloves to food processor and pulse until minced. Add garbanzo beans, olive oil, lemon juice and kosher salt to food processor and blend until smooth. If mixture is too thick, add 2-3 tablespoons of reserved garbanzo bean juice, tablespoon by tablespoon, until it reaches desired smooth consistency. Add toasted sesame seeds and blend until fully processed. Chill until cold, approximately 1-2 hours.\
\
\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural
\cf3 \kerning1\expnd4\expndtw20
Enjoy!
\f0\fs48 \cf4 \kerning1\expnd8\expndtw40
\
\
}