{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww19780\viewh19580\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Baked Brie\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs32 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 20 servings\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 (7 to 8-inch) wheel {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/brie/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 brie}} cheese\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup dried cherries\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup sliced toasted almonds\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 tablespoons brown sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 sheets (12 by 18-inch) {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/puff-pastry/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 puff pastry}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 eggs, beaten\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.\
Using a warmed sharp knife, or unflavored dental floss (See Cook's Note 1) cut the wheel of brie in half horizontally and separate the top half of the wheel from the bottom half. Sprinkle the bottom half of the brie with the dried cherries, toasted almonds, and brown sugar. Replace the top half of the brie and apply pressure to secure the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/stuffing/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 stuffing}}. Working on a well-floured surface, roll out the puff pastry so that it will fully cover the brie. Place the brie in the middle of the puff pastry and fold the excess pastry around the wheel. Put the wheel aside. Roll out another piece of puff pastry and cut out a circle the same circumference as the top of the brie. Save the trimmings for decorations. Using a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/pastry-brush/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 pastry brush}}, brush the egg on top of the brie in the puff pastry and place the circle on top. Brush the top of the circle with egg. Cut out decorations using cookie cutters or a small knife on top of the brie. Brush the entire top side of the brie with the egg and place the brie on a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sheet-pan/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 sheet pan}} lined with parchment paper. Bake for 20 to 30 minutes or until the pastry begins to turn golden brown, then turn the temperature down to 325 degrees F and bake for another 20 minutes. Serve on a pretty platter. See Cook's Note 2.\
Cook's Note 1: Instead of using a knife to cut the brie, use a piece of unflavored dental floss. Make an initial cut half way down, along the outer side of the brie with a pairing knife. Then, take a long piece of dental floss and wrap it around both hands. Starting at the front of the wheel at the initial cut, work through the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/wheel/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 wheel}} with the floss, separating the top half of the wheel from the bottom.\
Cook's Note 2: The brie can be made, wrapped securely and stored in the freezer up to a month ahead of time.\
\
}