{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Blue Cheese Chicken Meatballs\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs32 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 35 to 40 meatballs\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs36 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Meatballs:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}8 boneless, skinless {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/chicken/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 chicken thighs}}, cut into chunks\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/eggs/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 eggs}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon celery salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}A few grinds freshly ground white pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/panko/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 panko breadcrumbs}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup crumbled {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/blue-cheese/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 blue cheese}}\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/grapeseed-oil/index.html"}}{\fldrslt Grapeseed oil}}\cf0 , for cooking\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 cups flour\
{\listtext	\'95	}Salt and freshly ground black pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Sauce:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}2 cups {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/tomato/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 tomato}} juice\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon rice wine vinegar\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons hot sauce (recommended: Tabasco)\
{\listtext	\'95	}Pinch {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/celery-salt/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 celery salt}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}Few grinds {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/white-pepper/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 white pepper}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}Salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup grapeseed oil\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 For the meatballs: Place the chicken thighs, eggs, celery salt, and white pepper in a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/food-processor/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 food processor}}. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/pulse/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Pulse}} until the meat is ground but still a little bit chunky. Do not make a smooth paste!\
Transfer the chicken mixture to a bowl. Stir together with the breadcrumbs and blue cheese until combined.\
Fill a small bowl with water. To form the meatballs, wet your hands a little and shape the mixture into 1-inch balls. Lay the meatballs on a sheet tray.\
Heat a large, deep pan over medium-high heat and add the oil to fill about 1/4-inch up the sides. Do not fill the pan completely with oil.\
Pour the flour into a shallow dish and season with salt and pepper. Roll each meatball in the flour to give it a light coating.\
When the oil is hot, add the meatballs and cook until golden brown and cooked through, about 10 minutes. Flip the meatballs halfway through cooking. You may have to cook them in batches if they don't fit in the pan, adding more oil if needed. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/drain/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Drain}} the cooked meatballs on a paper towel-lined plate.\
For the sauce: Combine the tomato juice, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/rice-vinegar/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 rice wine vinegar}}, hot sauce, celery salt, white pepper, and salt in a large bowl. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/whisk/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Whisk}} in the oil until well blended and slightly thickened.\
For serving: Transfer half the meatballs to a large bowl. Pour some of the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sauce/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 sauce}} over top, just enough to coat the meatballs. Gently toss the meatballs around to coat in the sauce. Using tongs, transfer the meatballs to serving plate and insert a toothpick. Repeat with remaining meatballs.\
Pour the remaining sauce into a small bowl and serve as a dipping sauce.\
}