{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs50 \cf0 Brie en Croute #2\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs30 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 8 servings\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs34 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs40 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs38 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 sheet frozen puff pastry (package comes with 2 sheets)\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon butter\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup chopped {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/pecan/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 pecans}} or {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/walnut/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 walnuts}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 small (8-ounce) {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/wheel/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 wheel}} Brie\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/raspberry/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 raspberry}} jam\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/eggs/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 eggs}}, beaten\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs40 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs38 \cf0 Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.\
Defrost 1 sheet of {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/puff-pastry/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 puff pastry}} for approximately 15 to 20 minutes and unfold (place remaining sheet in freezer for later use). {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/melt/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Melt}} {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/butter/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 butter}} in a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/saucepan/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 saucepan}} over medium heat. Saute nuts in butter until golden brown, approximately 5 minutes. Place nuts on top of Brie and spread {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/jam/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 jam}} on top of nuts. Gently roll pastry with a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/rolling-pin/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 rolling pin}} to increase the size of the sheet 1 to 2 inches in each direction. Brush both sides of the sheet with beaten egg. Center the wheel of Brie on top of the pastry sheet. Bring all four corners of the sheet together above {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/brie/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Brie}} and twist slightly to form a "bundle." Tie gathered pastry with kitchen/cooking string (tie string in the form of a bow), arranging pastry until you are satisfied with the "bundle" shape. Place "bundle" on an ungreased {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cookie/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cookie}} sheet and bake for 20 to 25 minutes until pastry is golden brown. Serve with top-quality crackers.\
}