{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid4}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16020\viewh17680\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs80 \cf0 Buffalo Wings
\fs74 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs50 \cf0 Yield:  6 servings\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\ql\qnatural

\b\fs74 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0\fs52 \cf0 CREAMY ROQUEFORT DIP:
\fs62 \
{\listtext	\'95	}1 ounce Roquefort cheese, crumbled\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/3 cup nonfat Greek yogurt\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons mayonnaise\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons chopped scallions\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon kosher salt\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon freshly ground pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon white wine vinegar\
{\listtext	\'95	}Juice of 1 lemon, fresh squeezed\
{\listtext	\'95	}Juice of 1 lime, fresh squeezed\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural
\ls3\ilvl0
\fs52 \cf0 BUFFALO WINGS:
\fs62 \
{\listtext	\'95	}Nonstick cooking spray, for greasing\
{\listtext	\'95	}12 chicken wings (about 3 1/2 pounds), disjointed\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon kosher salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 teaspoon freshly ground pepper\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural
\ls4\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup hot sauce\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup honey\
{\listtext	\'95	}Celery and carrot sticks, for serving\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\ql\qnatural

\b\fs74 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs62 \cf0 Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. 
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 For the roquefort dip: Cream the Roquefort until smooth in a medium bowl. Mix in the yogurt, mayonnaise, scallions, salt, pepper, vinegar, lemon juice and lime juice until well blended. Chill for 2 hours. 
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 For the buffalo wings: Spray a baking sheet with nonstick cooking spray. Toss the wings with the salt and pepper to coat evenly in a medium bowl and then transfer to the baking sheet. Bake until the skin is golden and crispy or the internal temperature reaches 165 degrees F, 25 minutes. 
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 Preheat the broiler. 
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 Combine the hot sauce and honey in a small bowl and then brush the wings with 1/4 cup of the hot sauce mixture. Broil for 3 minutes. Brush the wings with another 1/4 cup of the hot sauce mixture and flip the wings. Broil again until browned and crispy, 3 to 4 minutes longer. Remove and immediately brush with the remaining sauce. Serve with celery and carrot sticks.\
}