{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs50 \cf0 Chorizo and Manchego Puffs\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs30 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 about 35 to 40 puffs\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs34 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs42 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Puffs:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs40 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}2 cups water\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 stick butter, cut into a few pieces\
{\listtext	\'95	}Pinch salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 cups {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/flour/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 all-purpose flour}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}8 eggs\
{\listtext	\'95	}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs42 \cf0 Filling:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs40 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 1/4 cups chopped Spanish chorizo {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sausage/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 sausage}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 1/2 cups mascarpone\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 cups grated aged {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/manchego/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 manchego cheese}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup finely chopped chives\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 teaspoons pimenton (Spanish {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/paprika/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 paprika}})\
{\listtext	\'95	}Kosher salt\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs42 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs40 \cf0 For the puffs: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.\
Place the water, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/butter/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 butter}}, and salt in a large {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/saucepan/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 saucepan}}. Bring the mixture to a boil and stir until the butter melts. Stir in all the flour at once and stir with a wooden spoon. Stir and cook until a dough forms and pulls away from the sides of the pan, 2 to 3 minutes. The mixture will be in a tight ball and not stick to the sides or bottom of the pan.\
Remove from the heat and transfer the dough to the bowl of a standing {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/mixer/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 mixer}} and let cool for 3 or 4 minutes. With the mixer on low speed, add the eggs, 1 at a time, making sure the first egg is completely incorporated before continuing. Once all the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/eggs/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 eggs}} have been added and the mixture is smooth, turn off the mixer and remove the bowl.\
Spoon half the dough into a pastry bag fitted with a round tip. Don't fill the bag completely. Twist the top of the bag so that the dough will not leak out. (To pipe out the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/dough/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 dough}}, gently squeeze out the amount you want, then release.)\
On a sheet tray lined with parchment paper, squeeze out 1-inch size dough balls, about 2 inches apart. Form more balls on another {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/jelly-roll-pan/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 sheet pan}}, if needed.\
Place in the oven and bake until they're golden and crispy, 20 to 25 minutes. Remove from the oven and let cool.\
For the filling: In a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/food-processor/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 food processor}}, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/pulse/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 pulse}} the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/chorizo/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 chorizo}} until finely chopped, but not a paste. No large chunks. Transfer to a bowl, stir in the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/mascarpone/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 mascarpone}}, manchego, pimenton, and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/chives/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 chives}}. Stir until well combined. Taste and add salt, if needed.\
Place the filling in another {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/pastry-bag/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 pastry bag}} outfitted with a small straight tip. Poke a hole in the side of each puff with the pastry bag tip and gently fill each puff with the filling and serve.\
}