{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Chunky Eggplant Bruschetta\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs32 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 4 servings\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/eggplant/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 eggplant}}, peeled, medium {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/dice/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 dice}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon kosher salt, plus more for seasoning\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon cracked black pepper, plus more for seasoning\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 tablespoons {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/olive-oil/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 olive oil}}, plus 2 tablespoons\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon red pepper flakes\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 tablespoons minced {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/garlic/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 garlic}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 onion, medium dice\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup pitted and halved {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/kalamata-olive/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 kalamata olives}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup drained capers\
{\listtext	\'95	}3/4 cup diced roasted red peppers\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/vinegar/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 sherry vinegar}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons chopped fresh {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/parsley/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 parsley leaves}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons chopped fresh {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/oregano/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 oregano}} leaves\
{\listtext	\'95	}Pinch smoky {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/paprika/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 paprika}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 French {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/baguette/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 baguette}}, sliced on bias\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F.\
In a large bowl, toss the eggplant with 2 tablespoons olive oil, salt, and pepper. Arrange the eggplant on a half sheet tray lined with parchment paper. Reserve the bowl. Put it in the oven and bake until nicely charred, about 15 to 20 minutes.\
In a large saute pan over medium-high heat, add 2 tablespoons of olive oil. Add the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/red-pepper-flakes/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 red pepper flakes}} and the garlic. Cook until the garlic browns, about for 1 to 2 minutes, then add the onion. Cook until onion softens, about 3 to 4 minutes more. Remove from heat and allow to cool.\
Remove the eggplant from the oven and transfer it back to same bowl it was tossed in prior to baking. Add the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/onion/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 onion}} mixture, the olives, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/caper/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 capers}}, and roasted red peppers. Toss to combine. Add the sherry vinegar, fresh parsley and oregano and toss until the ingredients are evenly distributed. Cover and refrigerate for 25 to 30 minutes to cool and marry the flavors.\
In a small bowl, combine the remaining 2 tablespoons of olive oil, salt and pepper, to taste, and the smoky paprika. Spread the oil mixture on both sides of each piece of bread. Heat a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/grill-pan/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 grill pan}} over high heat and toast the bread until grill marks form, flipping once. Remove the eggplant from the refrigerator and spoon about 2 heaping tablespoons on top of each piece of bread. Serve.}