{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww22100\viewh19200\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Crostini with Sun-Dried Tomato Jam\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs32 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 4 to 6 servings\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs36 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Sun-Dried Tomato Jam:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 (8-ounce) jar sun-dried tomatoes packed in oil, drained and chopped, oil reserved\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon olive oil\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 onion, thinly sliced\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/garlic/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 clove garlic}}, minced\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/vinegar/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 red wine vinegar}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup water\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/broth/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 chicken broth}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon chopped fresh thyme leaves\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Crostini:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/baguette/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 baguette}}, cut into 3/4-inch slices\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/olive-oil/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 olive oil}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}Salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}Freshly ground black pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}5 ounces goat cheese, room temperature\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 teaspoons chopped fresh thyme leaves\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 For the Sun-dried Tomato Jam:\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 Place a medium {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/saucepan/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 saucepan}} over medium heat. Add the chopped {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sun-dried-tomatoes/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 sun-dried tomatoes}}, 1 tablespoon of the reserved sun-dried tomato oil, olive oil, onion, and garlic. Stir and cook until the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/onion/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 onions}} are soft and beginning to brown at the edges, about 5 to 7 minutes. Add the sugar, vinegar, water, chicken broth, thyme, salt, and pepper. Bring the liquid to a boil, reduce the heat, and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/simmer/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 simmer}}, covered, for 30 minutes. Remove the cover and continue simmering until most of the liquid is reduced and the mixture is the consistency of jam, about 5 to 10 more minutes. Remove from the heat and set aside.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls3\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}For the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/crostini/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Crostini}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with foil.\
Place the baguette slices on the baking sheet. Using a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/pastry-brush/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 pastry brush}}, lightly coat the baguette slices with olive oil. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Bake until lightly toasted, about 8 minutes.\
Place the soft {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/goat-cheese/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 goat cheese}} in a small bowl. Stir in the thyme.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 To assemble:\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 Spread the crostini with Sun-Dried Tomato Jam and top with the goat cheese and herb mixture. Transfer to a serving plate and serve.}