{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17920\viewh17800\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs54 \cf0 Crostini with Caramelized Onions, Melted Cheese & Sage
\b0\fs38 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\fs30 \cf0 Yield: 24 crostini\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\fs38 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa200\ql\qnatural

\b\fs52 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0\fs44 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 baguette, cut on diagonal into 1/2-inch slices\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 tbsp olive oil, divided\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 large yellow onions, peeled and sliced thinly into semicircles\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tbsp brown sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup water, divided\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tbsp balsamic vinegar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 tsp kosher salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tbsp minced fresh sage\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 oz. Pecorino Romano cheese\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa200\ql\qnatural

\b\fs52 \cf0 Instructions\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\b0\fs44 \cf0 {\listtext	1.	}Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.\
{\listtext	2.	}Place baguette slices on a baking sheet and brush with about 2 tablespoons olive oil. Bake until lightly toasted, about 5 minutes. Set aside.\
{\listtext	3.	}For the onions, heat 1 tablespoon olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat.\
{\listtext	4.	}Add the onions and cook until softened, about 15 minutes.\
{\listtext	5.	}Stir in brown sugar. Cover and cook until the onions are golden brown, about 20 minutes, stirring occasionally.\
{\listtext	6.	}Add 1/4 cup water, cover the pan again and cook until the onions are deep golden brown, about 15 minutes.\
{\listtext	7.	}Stir in balsamic vinegar, salt, sage and an additional 1/4 cup water. Cover the pan and cook until the liquid is absorbed. Remove from heat.\
{\listtext	8.	}Using a vegetable peeler, shave off Pecorino Romano slices, one for each baguette slice.\
{\listtext	9.	}Divide the caramelized onions between the baguette slices and top each one with a slice of cheese.\
{\listtext	10.	}Place in oven and bake until cheese is beginning to melt, 3 to 4 minutes. Serve.}