{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red51\green51\blue51;\red81\green30\blue0;\red254\green249\blue241;
\red231\green225\blue192;\red137\green36\blue119;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{circle\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16320\viewh18860\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\li400\ri1120\sa320\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs40 \cf0 Crostini Recipes\
Sun Dried Tomato and Brie Crostini
\fs30 \
Makes 10 to 12\'a0\uc0\u8232 \u8232 1 baguette bread, sliced 1/4-inch thick\u8232 2 tablespoons pine nuts\u8232 2 sun dried tomatoes (packed in oil), finely chopped, drain reserving 1 tablespoon oil\u8232 2 tablespoons Parmesan cheese, coarsely grated\u8232 1 tablespoon fresh parsley, chopped finely\u8232 1 small garlic clove, minced\u8232 Salt and pepper, to taste\u8232 1/3 cup Brie cheese, (i.e. Alouette Creme style)\u8232 1 tablespoon fresh Basil, sliced 1/4-inch\u8232 \u8232 \u8232 On baking sheet broil one side of bread slices 2 to 3 minutes; remove from baking sheet; set aside. Place pine nuts on same baking sheet; broil 2 to 3 minutes until nicely toasted; remove from heat; set aside. Can be prepared one day ahead; covered at room temperature.\u8232 In a small bowl combine tomatoes, oil, parmesan, parsley, garlic, salt and pepper.\'a0 Spread Brie cheese on crostini bread slices, add sun dried tomato mixture; top with sliced basil and toasted pine nuts. Serve on a platter.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa200\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs28 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f2\fs40 \cf3 \cb4 Olive Crostini Recipes\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b\fs24 \cf3 INGREDIENTS\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b0 \cf3 		1/2 cup black olives\
		1/2 cup green olives with pimientos\
		2 medium cloves garlic\
		1/2 cup fresh grated Parmesan cheese\
		4 Tbsp butter\
		2 Tbsp olive oil\
		1/2 cup Monterey jack cheese, grated\
		1/4 cup fresh parsley, chopped\
		1 baguette
\f2\fs40 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
\cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf3 Chop olives in a food processor. Transfer to medium bowl. With machine running, drop garlic through the feed tube of the food processor and mince. Add Parmesan, butter, and olive oil, and process into a paste. Add butter mixture to bowl with olives. Fold in jack cheese and parsley. Cut baguette into thin slices and spread each slice generously with olive mixture. Cook under broiler until bubbly and lightly browned - about 2 minutes.
\f2\fs40 \

\f0\fs24 Serve right out of oven. Helps to make olive mixture in advance and spread right before you put in the oven.
\f2\fs40 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
\cf3 \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl560\sa80\ql\qnatural

\f3\b\fs34 \cf2 \cb5 Ingredients\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sl340\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl1
\f1\b0\fs26 \cf2 {\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}1 loaf French bread, cut into 12 slices about 1-inch thick 
\f3\b\fs20 \cf6 \
\ls2\ilvl1
\f1\b0\fs26 \cf2 {\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}1/3 cup green olives, chopped 
\f3\b\fs20 \cf6 \
\ls2\ilvl1
\f1\b0\fs26 \cf2 {\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}1/3 cup ripe olives, chopped 
\f3\b\fs20 \cf6 \
\ls2\ilvl1
\f1\b0\fs26 \cf2 {\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}1 (5 ounce) cartons garlic & herb cheese spread 
\f3\b\fs20 \cf6 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl560\ql\qnatural

\fs34 \cf2 Directions\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl340\ql\qnatural
\ls3\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs26 \cf2 {\listtext	1.	}Set oven control to broil. Place bread on an ungreased cookie sheet. Broil 4-6 inches from heat for 30-60 seconds or until lightly browned. Mix olives with cheese and spread on bread. Broil 1-2 minutes or until cheese is warm.}