{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs50 \cf0 Crostini with Balsamic Onions and Cheese\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs30 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 24 crostini\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs42 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs40 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}24 (1/4-inch-thick) diagonal slices cut from a long thin loaf Italian or {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/french-bread/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 French bread}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup plus 2 tablespoons olive oil\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}3/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 cups thinly sliced red onions\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 tablespoons balsamic vinegar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup soft {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cheese/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cheese}}, such as blue or {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/goat/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 goat}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons fresh snipped chives\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs42 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs40 \cf0 Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.\
Brush bread with 1/4 cup of the olive oil and season with 1/4 teaspoon salt and 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper. Arrange on a baking sheet and bake until golden, about 10 minutes.\
Meanwhile, heat the remaining 1/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons of oil in a skillet. Add onions and cook, stirring occasionally, until soft and tender, about 8 minutes. Add vinegar and cook until it evaporates, about 30 seconds. Season with remaining 1/4 teaspoon salt and 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper. Cool to room temperature. Divide onions evenly among {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/crostini/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 crostini}} and top each with about 1 teaspoon crumbled cheese. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/garnish/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Garnish}} each crostini with 1/4 teaspoon of {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/chives/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 chives}} and serve immediately at room temperature.}