{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;\red61\green61\blue61;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww18620\viewh20240\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b\fs50 \cf0 Fig and Prosciutto Brushetta\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\fs30 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 6 servings
\f0\b\fs50 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs36 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs42 \cf0 Ingredients
\f1\b0 \cf3 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl460\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf3 {\listtext	\'95	}8 ounces cream cheese, softened \
{\listtext	\'95	}4 teaspoons salt-free citrus herb seasoning (recommended: Spice Islands)\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 (10-ounce) jar fig preserves (recommended: St. Dalfour)\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 (3-ounce) package prosciutto, cut into 1/2-inch strip\
{\listtext	\'95	}\cf0 36 slices (1/2-inch thick) baguette bread, about 1 loaf\
\pard\tx560\pardeftab720\sl460\ql\qnatural
\cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f0\b \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0 \cf0 Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.\
Arrange the sliced baguette on a baking sheet. Brush with olive oil. Bake until the bread is pale golden and crisp, about 10 minutes.\
Mix herb seasoning into cream cheese and blend well.\cf3 	                                                                         Spread the cream cheese over each baguette slice. Top with fig preserves. Top with prosciutto strips.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 Fig and Prosciutto Crostata\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\fs30 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 6 to 8 servings\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 pre-made pie crust (recommended: Pillsbury)\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 ounces cream cheese, softened \
{\listtext	\'95	}2 teaspoons salt-free citrus herb seasoning (recommended: Spice Islands)\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 (10-ounce) jar fig preserves (recommended: St. Dalfour)\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 (3-ounce) package prosciutto, cut into 1/2-inch strips\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 egg\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon water\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 Preheat oven to 425 degrees F.\
Place the pie crust onto a baking sheet. Spread the cream cheese over the crust leaving a 1-inch border. Sprinkle with the citrus herb seasoning. Top with {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/fig/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 fig}} preserves. Fold border over fig spread and top with prosciutto strips.\
Lightly beat egg with 1 tablespoon of water. Use a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/pastry-brush/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 pastry brush}} to brush edge of crust with {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/egg-wash/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 egg wash}}. Bake in oven for 15 to 18 minutes or until crust is golden brown. Let cool 5 minutes before serving.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\fs60 \cf3 		\
}