{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red61\green61\blue61;\red6\green124\blue174;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri1000\sl500\sa80\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs42 \cf2 Fresh Fruit Platter\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs30 \cf2 Yield: 
\b0 10 to 12 servings\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf2 Ingredients\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\sa80\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs34 \cf2 Suggested list of ingredients:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl420\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0 \cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}2 small ripe melons\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 "golden" {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/pineapple/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 pineapple}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 bunches grapes\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 pint fresh figs\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 pint raspberries\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 pint strawberries\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 pint blueberries\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 red papaya\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf2 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa180\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs34 \cf2 I like to begin the platter with a base of ripe, colorful, sliced melons and pineapple--for example, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cantaloupe/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 cantaloupe}}, honeydew, Galia, or Cavaillon melons, plus the new "golden" pineapples. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/peel/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 Peel}} the outside of a whole melon, cut it in half through the stem end, and scoop out the seeds. Place the melon halves cut side down on a board, and slice them straight across into 1/2-inch-thick slices. Fan each half-{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/melon/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 melon}} out slightly and arrange it on the platter. Next, cut off the top and bottom of the pineapple, peel the outside, and use a sharp knife to remove the "{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/eyes/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 eyes}}." Cut the pineapple in half lengthwise and remove the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/core/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 core}} by cutting a "V" down the center of each half. Again, place the pineapple halves, cut side down, on a board and slice them straight across into 1/2-inch-thick slices. Fan the slices out and arrange them next to the melon on the platter.\
\
Once the base is set, you can add any kind of fruit that's available. I like to have one thing that is taller than the rest, such as a large bunch of grapes or a decoratively cut {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/papaya/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 papaya}}, to give the platter height. Then I add raspberries, strawberries, blueberries, and fresh figs in casual but organized groups. The platter can look like a bowl of M&M's if there are too many colors scattered with no order. Visually, your eye needs to have a focal point and to be able to see each type of fruit. After all the fruit is arranged, I add flat green leaves around the outside of the fruit, to set off the colors. Use {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/lemon/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 lemon}} and galax leaves from your florist, or {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/fig/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 fig}} leaves and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/grape-leaves/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 grape leaves}} from your garden. Make sure they are pesticide-free and well washed.\
\
Any kind of fruit will work well on this platter. For special occasions, add persimmons, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/kiwi/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 kiwi}}, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/passion-fruit/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 passion fruit}}, Queen Anne cherries, fresh apricots, and mangos. Choose whatever is colorful and seasonal.\
}