{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Hot Artichoke-Spinach Dip\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs32 \cf2 Serves: 
\b0 \cf0 12 servings\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs36 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}Kosher salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 10-ounce bag baby spinach\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup packed fresh basil\
{\listtext	\'95	}3/4 cup canned {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cannellini-bean/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cannellini beans}}, drained and rinsed\
{\listtext	\'95	}6 ounces Neufchatel cream cheese\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 clove garlic, smashed\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup low-sodium chicken broth\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 14-ounce can artichoke hearts, drained, squeezed dry and finely chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup grated {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/parmigiano-reggiano/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 parmesan cheese}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}3/4 cup shredded low-fat {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/mozzarella/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 mozzarella cheese}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}Pinch of {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cayenne-pepper/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cayenne pepper}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 or 3 dashes {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/worcestershire-sauce/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Worcestershire sauce}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}Freshly ground black pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}Cooking spray\
{\listtext	\'95	}Baked chips, for serving\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 Preheat the oven to 450. Bring a pot of salted water to a boil and prepare a bowl of ice water. Stir the spinach and basil into the boiling water and cook until bright green, about 30 seconds. Remove with a slotted spoon and immediately plunge in the ice water. Drain and squeeze dry, then roughly chop.\
Puree the beans, cream cheese, garlic and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/broth/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 chicken broth}} in a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/food-processor/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 food processor}} until smooth, scraping the sides as needed. Transfer to a medium bowl and fold in the spinach and basil, artichokes, parmesan and 1/2 cup mozzarella. Add the cayenne, Worcestershire sauce, 1/2 teaspoon salt, and black pepper to taste.\
Mist a deep 1-quart {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/casserole/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 casserole dish}} with cooking spray. Spread the dip mixture in the dish and top with the remaining 1/4 cup mozzarella. Bake until golden and bubbly, 20 to 25 minutes. Serve warm with baked chips.\
}