{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Jerk Wontons with Caribbean Salsa\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs32 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 10 to 15 servings\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs36 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}3 cups diced fresh pineapple\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 jalapenos, seeded and minced\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 seedless cucumber, diced\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/red-bell-pepper/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 red bell pepper}}, diced\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/bell-pepper/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 yellow bell pepper}}, diced\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 bunch fresh cilantro, chopped (about 1/2 cup)\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 tablespoons frozen apple juice concentrate, thawed\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/olive-oil/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 extra-virgin olive oil}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}3/4 teaspoon salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}3/4 teaspoon ground black pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}Jerk-Seasoned Wonton Chips, recipe follows\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 In a large bowl, combine the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/pineapple/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 pineapple}}, jalapenos, cucumber, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/bell-pepper/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 bell peppers}}, and cilantro. In another bowl, combine the apple juice concentrate, oil, salt, and pepper. Add to the pineapple mixture, tossing gently to coat. Cover and chill for 4 hours. Serve with Jerk-Seasoned Wonton Chips.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Jerk-Seasoned Wonton Chips:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}25 wonton wrappers, cut in half diagonally\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/3 cup butter, melted\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon Caribbean Jerk Seasoning, recipe follows\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.\
Place the wonton wrappers in a single layer on parchment-lined baking sheets. Brush with melted butter; sprinkle each evenly with jerk seasoning. Bake until lightly browned and crisp, 4 to 6 minutes. Cool completely on parchment paper. Serve immediately, or store chips in an airtight container up to 1 week.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Caribbean {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/jerk-seasoning/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Jerk Seasoning}}:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls3\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon kosher salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon ground {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/allspice/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 allspice}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sugar/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 brown sugar}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon garlic powder\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/onion-powder/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 onion powder}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon dried, crushed Scotch bonnet pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon paprika\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon dried chives\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon ground nutmeg\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon ground ginger\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 teaspoon ground {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cinnamon/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cinnamon}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 teaspoon ground cloves\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 teaspoon dried thyme\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Combine all ingredients in a bowl until well-mixed. Store in an airtight container.\
}