{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red84\green84\blue84;\red51\green51\blue51;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl520\sa80\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs66 \cf0 Marinated Antipasti Bruschetta\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\fs40 \cf2 Yield:  \cf0 6 to 8 servings (24 pieces)\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\ql\qnatural

\fs52 \cf0 INGREDIENTS\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0\fs48 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}2 1/2 cups mixed olives, pitted and chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 cups (1 pint) grape tomatoes, quartered\
{\listtext	\'95	}One 13.76-ounce can artichoke hearts packed in water, chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}8 ounces fresh mozzarella, diced\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup olive oil, plus more for brushing\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons lemon juice, plus 1/2 teaspoon lemon zest\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons black truffle oil, plus more for drizzling, if desired\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}4 pepperoncini peppers, sliced in rounds\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon pepperoncini liquid\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 clove garlic, minced\
{\listtext	\'95	}Kosher salt and black pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 Italian loaf, sliced on an angle in 1/4-inch slices (about 24 slices)\
{\listtext	\'95	}12 slices prosciutto, cut in half\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons fresh basil chiffonade\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\ql\qnatural

\b\fs52 \cf0 DIRECTIONS\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa160\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs48 \cf3 In a large mixing bowl, combine the olives, tomatoes, artichoke hearts, mozzarella, olive oil, lemon juice and zest, truffle oil, pepperoncini peppers and liquid and garlic. Toss, season with salt and pepper and set aside to allow the flavors to marry, about 1 hour. \uc0\u8232 Preheat a grill to medium high. Brush each slice of bread with olive oil. Using tongs, transfer the bread to the grill, oiled side down. Grill until crispy and grill marks appear, turning once, about 3 minutes per side. Transfer the grilled bread to a serving platter. \u8232 Top each bread slice with half a slice of prosciutto and 1 heaping tablespoon of the antipasti mixture. Drizzle with more truffle oil to finish, if desired, and sprinkle with basil.}