{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Pecan-Crusted Pork Tenderloin Crostini with Strawberry Balsamic Sauce\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs32 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 4 dozen\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 cup ground pecans\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup bread crumbs\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup firmly packed brown sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon ground {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/red-pepper-flakes/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 red pepper flakes}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 large eggs\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 (1-pound) pork tenderloins, trimmed\
{\listtext	\'95	}Toasted {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/french-bread/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 French bread}} rounds\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 cups baby {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/arugula/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 arugula}} leaves\
{\listtext	\'95	}Herbed Cream Cheese Spread, recipe follows\
{\listtext	\'95	}Balsamic Strawberry Sauce, recipe follows\
{\listtext	\'95	}Fresh thyme leaves for garnish, optional\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Line a rimmed baking sheet with heavy duty aluminum foil. Lightly grease foil.\
In a shallow dish, combine the pecans, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/breadcrumbs/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 bread crumbs}}, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sugar/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 brown sugar}}, salt, pepper, and red pepper.\
In a separate shallow dish, lightly beat the eggs. Dip the tenderloins in the eggs to coat. Dredge them in the pecan mixture, completely covering the tenderloins. Arrange them on the prepared baking sheet, and bake until an instant-read thermometer inserted into the thickest portion registers 155 degrees F, about 18 to 20 minutes. Remove the tenderloins from the oven to a cutting board and let rest for 10 minutes. Cut into 1/4-inch thick slices.\
Spread Herbed Cream Cheese Spread evenly over bread rounds. Top each with arugula. Put 1 slice of {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/tenderloin/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 pork tenderloin}} over the arugula. Spoon about 1 tablespoon of the Balsamic Strawberry Sauce over the pork. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/garnish/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Garnish}} with fresh thyme, if desired, and serve immediately.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Herbed Cream Cheese Spread:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 (8-ounce) package cream cheese, softened\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/mayonnaise/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 mayonnaise}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons minced fresh thyme leaves\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon minced fresh chives\
{\listtext	\'95	}Salt and freshly ground black pepper\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 In a small bowl, combine {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cream-cheese/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cream cheese}}, mayonnaise, thyme and chives. Cover and refrigerate until ready to use.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Balsamic Strawberry Sauce:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls3\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}2 cups chopped fresh strawberries (about 1 pound)\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/balsamic-vinegar/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 balsamic vinegar}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons cornstarch\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/broth/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 chicken broth}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 In a medium {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/saucepan/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 saucepan}}, combine the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/strawberry/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 strawberries}}, sugar, and vinegar. Bring to a boil over medium-high heat. Reduce the heat, and simmer for 5 minutes, stirring frequently.\
In a small bowl combine the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cornstarch/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cornstarch}} and chicken broth, stirring until smooth. Add it to the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/strawberry/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 strawberry}} mixture, stirring to combine. Bring to a boil over medium-high heat. Boil for 1 minute, stirring frequently. Remove from heat, and let cool. Cover and refrigerate until ready to use.\
}