{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;
\f3\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red103\green40\blue19;\red51\green51\blue51;\red76\green34\blue0;
\red90\green90\blue90;\red80\green80\blue80;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid4}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11760\viewh17600\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl460\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs56 \cf2 Pesto Crostini
\fs50 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\ql\qnatural
\cf2 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl280\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\fs42 \cf3 		1 loaf (1 pound) French bread, cut into 1-inch slices\
		2 tablespoons butter, softened\
		1 tablespoon minced garlic\
		1 cup prepared pesto\
		3 small tomatoes, thinly sliced\
		1/2 pound fresh mozzarella cheese, thinly sliced\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs50 \cf2 Directions\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl280\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\fs42 \cf3 		Place the bread slices on an ungreased baking sheet. Combine butter\
		and garlic; spread over bread.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\fs50 \cf3 		\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl280\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\fs42 \cf3 		Broil 3-4 in. from the heat or until lightly browned. Cool slightly.\
		Spread pesto over butter mixture; top with tomatoes and cheese.\
		Broil 3-5 minutes longer or until cheese is melted. Yield: 20\
		appetizers.\
\pard\tx560\pardeftab720\sl280\ql\qnatural
\cf3 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural

\f2\fs54 \cf4 Roasted Red Pepper Pesto Crostini
\f1\fs42 \cf3 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural
\ls3\ilvl0
\fs50 \cf3 		\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f3\b\fs42 \cf4 Ingredients:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\ql\qnatural
\ls4\ilvl0
\b0 \cf5 		1 baguette, cut into 1/4-inch-thick slices\
		1/4 cup plus 2 tsp. extra-virgin olive oil\
		2 garlic cloves, peeled\
		2 red bell peppers, roasted, peeled, seeded and\uc0\u8232 \'a0 coarsely chopped\
		2 Tbs. slivered almonds, toasted\
		3 Tbs. grated Parmigiano-Reggiano cheese\
		1/4 cup finely chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley\
		1 tsp. fresh lemon juice\
		Pinch of cayenne pepper\
		Salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste\
		4 oz. goat cheese\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\b \cf4 Directions:\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf6 Preheat an electric panini press according to the manufacturer's instructions.\
\
Arrange the baguette slices on a baking sheet and brush lightly on both sides with the 1/4 cup olive oil. Working in batches, place the bread slices on the preheated panini press and cook until light golden brown, 2 to 3 minutes. Transfer to a baking sheet. While the crostini are still warm, rub the top of each one with 1 of the garlic cloves. Set aside.\
\
In the bowl of a food processor, combine the red peppers, the remaining garlic clove, the almonds, cheese, 3 Tbs. of the parsley, the lemon juice, the 2 tsp. olive oil and the cayenne pepper. Pulse until a coarse puree forms. Season with salt and black pepper.\
\
Preheat an oven to 350\'b0F. \
\
Place the crostini in a single layer on a baking sheet. Spread about 2 tsp. of the goat cheese on each crostini. Bake until the cheese is slightly soft and the crostini are warm, about 5 minutes. Transfer to a platter and top each with about 1 Tbs. of the red pepper pesto. Sprinkle with the remaining 1 Tbs. parsley. Makes 24 crostini.\
}