{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17680\viewh16660\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs54 \cf0 Pigs in Spicy Buttermilk Blankets\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs34 \cf2 Serves:
\b   
\b0 \cf0 20 pigs\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs46 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}Pork Sausage, recipe follows\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 cups {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/flour/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 all-purpose flour}}, plus more for bench\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon dark {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sugar/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 brown sugar}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 teaspoons baking powder\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 teaspoons Italian seasoning\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 teaspoons mustard powder\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon baking soda\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cayenne-pepper/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cayenne pepper}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sea-salt/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 sea salt}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 tablespoons {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/butter/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 unsalted butter}}, cold, cut into 1/4-inch cubes\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup shredded mozzarella cheese\
{\listtext	\'95	}3/4 cup buttermilk\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 egg, well beaten\
{\listtext	\'95	}Chipotle Agave Mustard, recipe follows\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs46 \cf0 Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Line baking sheets with silicone mats or parchment paper.\
Form the Pork Sausage into 20 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/hot-dog/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 hot dog}} shapes, about 1/2 cup each, 4 to 5 inches long and 1 1/2 inches in diameter. Heat a nonstick skillet over medium-high and cook the sausages until evenly browned and cooked through, 3 to 4 minutes per side. Set on a paper towel-lined plate to cool completely.\
In the bowl of a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/food-processor/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 food processor}} fitted with the bottom blade, add the flour, sugar, baking powder, Italian seasoning, mustard powder, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/baking-soda/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 baking soda}}, cayenne and sea salt and pulse 3 to 4 times for 4 to 5 seconds each time to combine. Add the butter cubes and pulse 5 to 6 times for 4 to 5 seconds each time until the mixture resembles {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cornmeal/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cornmeal}}. Add the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/mozzarella/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 mozzarella cheese}} and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/pulse/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 pulse}} again, 3 to 4 times for 4 to 5 seconds each time until well combined. Add the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/buttermilk/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 buttermilk}} and process until a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/dough/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 dough}} ball forms.\
Flour a work surface and turn the dough ball out onto it. Sprinkle lightly with flour and gently pat out and roll into a 10 by 15-inch rectangle. With a bench knife or {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/pizza/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 pizza}} wheel, trim the edges to make even. Cut this in half lengthwise and again in half the short way. Cut the dough in 5 even cuts the short way to create a rectangle that is 2 squares deep on the short end and 5 squares along the long end. Cut these 5 by 3-inch squares into triangles; you should have 20 squares.\
Add the cooled {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sausage/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 sausages}} to each fat end of the triangle. Roll up, tucking the thin end under and place on the prepared baking sheets 2 inches apart. Repeat with the remaining triangles and sausages.\
Brush the tops with the beaten egg and place in the oven. Bake until golden brown, about 16 minutes. Serve immediately with Chipotle Agave Mustard.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 Pork Sausage:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs46 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon coriander seeds\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/fennel-seed/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 fennel seeds}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon caraway seeds\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 teaspoons minced {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/garlic/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 garlic}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon dried ground sage leaves\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon kosher salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon fresh cracked black pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon red chile flakes\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 pounds ground pork\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/maple-syrup/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 maple syrup}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 In a small skillet over high heat, add the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/coriander/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 coriander}}, fennel and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/caraway-seed/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 caraway seeds}}. Toast, stirring frequently, until fragrant and lightly browned, 3 to 4 minutes. Remove to a small plate to cool.\
Once the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/spices/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 spices}} have cooled completely, add to a mortar and grind with the pestle until powdery. Add the garlic, sage, salt, pepper and red {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/chile/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 chile}} flakes and grind to mix and combine. Add the spices to the ground pork.\
Add the maple syrup to the ground pork and incorporate with your hands, combining well. Cover and refrigerate for 30 minutes.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 Chipotle Agave Mustard:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls3\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs46 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}3 tablespoons amber agave\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 tablespoons {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/dijon-mustard/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Dijon mustard}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 tablespoons yellow mustard\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 tablespoons {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/adobo-sauce/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 adobo sauce}}, from canned chipotles\
{\listtext	\'95	}Pinch pepper\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Add all the ingredients into a bowl and stir to combine. Cover with {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/plastic-wrap/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 plastic wrap}} and refrigerate until needed. Will keep for 1 week.\
}