{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red139\green139\blue139;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs78 \cf0 Pigs in a Blanket I
\b\fs42 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf0 Servings: Makes 2 dozen
\b \

\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\fs62 \cf0 Ingredients
\fs50 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl360\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}2 Tbsp. butter\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 large yellow onion , thinly sliced\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 tsp. kosher salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 tsp. freshly ground black pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 egg\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 (9-by-9-inch) piece frozen all-butter puff pastry dough , thawed but still very cold\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 (5-inch) pork hot dogs or beef hot dogs , halved lengthwise, then cut into 1 1/2-inch pieces\
{\listtext	\'95	}Chinese hot mustard , or other favorite mustard, for dipping\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs60 \cf0 Directions
\fs54 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs50 \cf0 Preheat oven to 375\'b0. Melt butter in a large skillet over medium heat. Add onion and cook, stirring occasionally, until soft and golden brown, 10 to 12 minutes; stir in salt and pepper. Cool, then finely chop and set aside.\
In a small bowl, whisk together 1 tablespoon water and egg to make an egg wash; set aside. Arrange puff pastry on a clean surface and cut into 24 triangles, each about 2 inches wide at the bottom and about 3 inches tall. Transfer to a sheet tray, cover with plastic wrap, and keep refrigerated while working on step 3.\
Remove a few pieces of puff pastry from refrigerator at a time, so that the rest remain chilled until ready to use. Spoon about 2 teaspoons onion onto a 3-inch end of each puff pastry triangle, then top with a piece of hot dog. Roll up, starting with hot dog end first. Along the way, using your fingers or a pastry brush, dab the puff pastry with a bit of egg wash to help seal. Transfer to a parchment-paper-lined baking sheet, seam side down.\
Brush pigs in a blanket thinly with some of the egg wash and bake until puffed and golden brown, about 25 minutes. Transfer to a platter and serve with mustard.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\fs40 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\fs50 \cf0 \
\
}