{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red84\green84\blue84;\red50\green50\blue50;\red51\green51\blue51;
\red48\green109\blue182;\red0\green101\blue159;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid4}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12460\viewh11940\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl520\sa80\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs66 \cf0 Potstickers with Spicy Dipping Sauce I\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\fs40 \cf2 Yield:  \cf0 24 dumplings\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\fs46 \cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa280\ql\qnatural

\fs54 \cf3 INGREDIENTS
\b0\fs48 \cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\ql\qnatural

\b \cf4 DIPPING SAUCE:
\b0 \
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa260\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b \cf4 {\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 
\b0 tablespoons {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/soy-sauce/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 soy sauce}}\
\ls1\ilvl0
\b {\listtext	\'95	}1 
\b0 tablespoon seasoned {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/rice-vinegar/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 rice vinegar}}\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa260\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\b \cf4 {\listtext	\'95	}1 
\b0 tablespoon chili-garlic sauce\
\ls2\ilvl0
\b {\listtext	\'95	}1 
\b0 teaspoon hot {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/chili-oil/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 chili oil}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\ql\qnatural

\b \cf4 FILLING:
\b0 \
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa260\ql\qnatural
\ls3\ilvl0
\b \cf4 {\listtext	\'95	}1/4 
\b0 pound ground pork\
\ls3\ilvl0
\b {\listtext	\'95	}2 
\b0 ounces uncooked shrimp, shelled, deveined, and finely chopped\
\ls3\ilvl0
\b {\listtext	\'95	}1 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/eggs/index.html"}}{\fldrslt 
\b0 \cf5 egg}}
\b0  white\
\ls3\ilvl0
\b {\listtext	\'95	}1/4 
\b0 cup minced {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/water-chestnut/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 water chestnuts}}\
\ls3\ilvl0
\b {\listtext	\'95	}2 
\b0 tablespoons minced Chinese {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/celery/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 celery}}\
\ls3\ilvl0
\b {\listtext	\'95	}1 
\b0 teaspoon minced cilantro leaves\
\ls3\ilvl0
\b {\listtext	\'95	}1/2 
\b0 teaspoon minced ginger\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa260\ql\qnatural
\ls4\ilvl0
\b \cf4 {\listtext	\'95	}1/2 
\b0 teaspoon {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sugar/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 sugar}}\
\ls4\ilvl0
\b {\listtext	\'95	}1/2 
\b0 teaspoon salt\
\ls4\ilvl0
\b {\listtext	\'95	}1/8 
\b0 teaspoon sesame oil\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa260\ql\qnatural
\ls4\ilvl0\cf5 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/dash/index.html"}}{\fldrslt Dash}}\cf4  ground {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/white-pepper/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 white pepper}}\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa260\ql\qnatural
\ls4\ilvl0
\b \cf4 {\listtext	\'95	}24 
\b0 potsticker wrappers\
\ls4\ilvl0
\b {\listtext	\'95	}3 
\b0 tablespoons cooking oil\
\ls4\ilvl0
\b {\listtext	\'95	}2/3 
\b0 cup {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/broth/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 chicken broth}} or water\
{\listtext	\'95	}
\b 24
\b0  potsticker wrappers\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa280\ql\qnatural

\b\fs54 \cf4 DIRECTIONS\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs48 \cf4 To make the sauce: In a medium bowl, combine the soy sauce, vinegar, chili-garlic sauce and hot chili oil. Mix well and reserve.\
To make the filling: In a large bowl, combine, the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/pork/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf6 pork}}, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/shrimp/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf6 shrimp}}, egg white, water chestnuts, celery, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cilantro/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf6 cilantro}}, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/ginger/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf6 ginger}}, sugar, salt and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sesame-oil/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf6 sesame oil}}. Season with a little pepper and mix, stirring rapidly in 1 direction until the mixture is well combined and spongy.\
To make the potstickers: Working in batches, lay 4 potsticker wrappers on a clean surface. Keep the remaining wrappers covered with {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/plastic-wrap/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf6 plastic wrap}} to prevent drying. Put a heaping teaspoon of filling in the center of each of the 4 wrappers. Brush the edges with water. Fold the wrappers in half over the filling, pinching the edges together to form semi-circles. Put the potstickers on a baking sheet seam-side up and cover with a clean towel. Repeat until all the potstickers have been formed.\
To cook the potstickers: Heat a large skillet over medium. Add about 1 1/2 tablespoons of oil. When the oil is hot add half the potstickers, seam-side up. Cook the potstckers until the bottoms are golden and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/crisp/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf6 crisp}}, about 4 minutes. Add 1/3 cup broth. Reduce the heat to low, cover, and cook until the liquid is absorbed, 5 to 6 minutes. Transfer the cooked potstickers to a platter. Repeat, cooking the remaining potstickers.\
Serve the potstickers warm accompanied by the dipping sauce.\
\
}