{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red61\green63\blue63;\red71\green155\blue220;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14460\viewh18960\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa120\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs44 \cf2 Pot Sticker Dumplings and Soy Vinegar Sauce
\b\fs36 \cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf2 Makes 36 dumplings
\b \cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa160\ql\qnatural
\cf3 INGREDIENTS
\b0 \cf2 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b \cf2 		SOY-VINEGAR DIPPING SAUCE
\b0 \
		1/2 cup soy sauce\
		1 teaspoon rice vinegar\
		1/2 teaspoon toasted sesame oil\
		2 teaspoons sugar\
		1 whole scallion, trimmed and sliced\
		1 hot green chili, thinly sliced\
		2 tablespoons water\
\ls1\ilvl0
\b 		DUMPLINGS
\b0 \
		1/2 pound ground turkey, chicken, or pork (if using poultry, add 1 teaspoon peanut oil to the mixture)\
		1 cup finely chopped bok choy\
		1/2 teaspoon minced peeled fresh ginger\
		1 small garlic clove, minced\
		1 teaspoon soy sauce\
		1/2 teaspoon sesame oil\
		1/2 teaspoon coarse salt\
		1 large egg white\
		36 dumpling wrappers\
		Peanut oil, for frying\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
\cf2 	
\b \cf3 \
DIRECTIONS\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\b0 \cf2 {\listtext	1.	}In a small bowl, combine all ingredients for the dipping sauce. Set aside.\
{\listtext	2.	}In a medium bowl, mix together the turkey, bok choy, ginger, garlic, soy sauce, sesame oil, and salt. Stir in the egg white.\
{\listtext	3.	}Working with 6 at a time, lay down the dumpling wrappers on a work surface. Spoon 1 teaspoon of filling onto each one. Lightly wet the edge of each wrapper with water. Fold the dough over and pinch around the edges. This is easiest done by picking up each dumpling and pinching around the edges with thumb and forefinger. Place on a baking sheet and cover with plastic wrap to keep the dumplings from drying out. Repeat until all filling is used. (Freeze any dumplings that will not be cooked immediately. After they are frozen, transfer them to a resealable plastic bag or wrap in plastic.)\
{\listtext	4.	}To cook the dumplings, heat a large skillet and swirl some oil around to coat the pan. Add a single layer of pot stickers. Cook for 2 to 3 minutes (2 minutes longer if frozen), until they begin to turn golden on the underside. Don't move them. Add 1/4 cup of water to the pan and cover immediately. Cook for 5 minutes, or until the meat is cooked through and the dumplings release from the pan. Serve immediately with the dipping sauce.}