{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Smoked Salmon Pizzettes\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs32 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 4 to 6 servings\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}Flour, for work surface\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 (8-ounce) ball purchased {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/dough/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 pizza dough}}\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/olive-oil/index.html"}}{\fldrslt Olive oil}}\cf0 , for drizzling\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup mascarpone cheese, at room temperature\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup sour cream\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/caper/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 capers}}, rinsed, drained, coarsely chopped and dried on paper towels\
{\listtext	\'95	}Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 ounces {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/smoked-salmon/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 smoked salmon}}, cut into 3/4-inch pieces\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup chopped fresh chives\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 Special equipment: a 2-inch round cookie cutter\
Put an oven rack in the center of the oven. Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F.\
On a lightly floured work surface, roll the pizza dough into a 1/4-inch thick round. Using a 2-inch round {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cookie-cutter/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cookie cutter}}, cut out 15 circles. Arrange the circles on a heavy baking sheet. Using the tines of a fork, prick the dough all over. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/drizzle/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Drizzle}} with olive oil and bake until golden brown, about 7 to 10 minutes. Remove from the oven and cool for 10 minutes.\
In a small bowl, mix together the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/mascarpone/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 mascarpone cheese}}, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sour-cream/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 sour cream}} and capers until smooth. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Spoon about 1/2 teaspoon of the mascarpone mixture into the center of each pastry round. Top with a piece of smoked salmon and press gently.\
Arrange the pizzettes on a platter and sprinkle with chopped {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/chives/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 chives}} just before serving.\
\
}