{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red84\green84\blue84;\red51\green51\blue51;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12080\viewh12480\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl520\sa80\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs66 \cf0 Spinach and Feta Spanakopita\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\fs40 \cf2 Yield:  \cf0 25 to 30 triangles\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\ql\qnatural

\fs52 \cf0 INGREDIENTS\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0\fs48 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}One 10-ounce package frozen spinach, thawed and drained\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 stick (1/2 cup) unsalted butter\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 clove garlic, minced\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 cups crumbled feta cheese (about 8 ounces)\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon cracked black pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 large egg, beaten\
{\listtext	\'95	}10 phyllo sheets, thawed if frozen\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\ql\qnatural

\b\fs52 \cf0 DIRECTIONS\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa160\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs48 \cf3 Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. \uc0\u8232 \u8232 Thoroughly squeeze any excess water from the thawed spinach, removing as much liquid as possible. Coarsely chop. \u8232 \u8232 Melt 1 tablespoon butter in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Add the garlic and cook until fragrant and golden brown. Add the spinach and nutmeg, sauteing for 1 to 2 minutes. Remove from the heat and mix in the feta, lemon juice, cracked black pepper and egg to thoroughly combine. Allow the filling to cool. \u8232 \u8232 Melt the remaining butter over medium heat in a small saucepan. Cool slightly. Cover the stack of phyllo sheets with a clean damp kitchen towel. \u8232 \u8232 Working with the long side of the phyllo sheet nearest you, take 1 sheet from the stack and brush the entire surface with butter. Top with another phyllo sheet, brushing with more butter. Cut crosswise into five 2 1/2 to 3-inch strips. \u8232 \u8232 Place 2 teaspoons filling in the corner of each strip. Just like you would fold a flag, fold the corner of phyllo over to enclose the filling, forming a triangle, and continue folding the entire strip. Ending with the seam-side down, place the triangles on a large baking sheet and brush the tops with butter. \u8232 \u8232 Follow the same steps with the remaining ingredients. \u8232 \u8232 Space evenly on a sheet tray and bake until golden brown, about 25 minutes. Remove from the oven and transfer to a wire rack to cool slightly.}