{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red84\green84\blue84;\red51\green51\blue51;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15220\viewh15300\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl520\sa80\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs70 \cf0 Sweet and Sassy Nuts
\fs64 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\fs38 \cf2 Yield:  \cf0 8 cups; 32 servings\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\ql\qnatural

\fs52 \cf0 INGREDIENTS\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0\fs48 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 large egg white\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon ground cumin\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}3/4 teaspoon ground chipotle chile pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 cans (10 to 11 ounces each) salted fancy mixed nuts\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\ql\qnatural

\b\fs52 \cf0 DIRECTIONS\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa160\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs48 \cf3 Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Lightly grease two 15 1/2-inch by 10 1/2-inch jelly-roll pans with vegetable oil, or spray with nonstick cooking spray. \uc0\u8232 In large bowl, with wire whisk, beat egg white until foamy. Add sugar, cumin, chipotle pepper, and cinnamon, and beat until well combined. Add nuts to egg-white mixture; with rubber spatula, stir until well coated. \u8232 Spread nut mixture evenly in prepared jelly-roll pans. Bake on 2 oven racks 20 to 25 minutes or until coating on nuts is golden-brown and dry, stirring once and rotating pans between upper and lower racks halfway through baking for even browning. \u8232 Cool nuts completely in pans on wire racks, at least 1 hour. With hands, break apart any large clusters of nuts when cool. Store cooled nuts in tightly sealed containers at room temperature up to 2 weeks.}