{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Sweet and Spicy Chicken Drumettes\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs32 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 4 to 6 servings\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs36 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}3/4 cup pineapple juice\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/3 cup reduced-sodium soy sauce\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup sweet Marsala wine\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 packed cup light brown sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sesame-oil/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 sesame oil}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/garlic/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cloves garlic}}, minced\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons chili powder\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 to 1 1/2 teaspoons crushed {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/red-pepper-flakes/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 red pepper flakes}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 pounds chicken drumettes\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/vegetable-oils/index.html"}}{\fldrslt Vegetable oil}}\cf0  cooking spray\
{\listtext	\'95	}Kosher salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 teaspoons ground arrowroot powder or 1 tablespoon {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cornstarch/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cornstarch}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup chopped fresh cilantro leaves\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 In a medium bowl, whisk together the pineapple juice, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/soy-sauce/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 soy sauce}}, Marsala wine, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sugar/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 brown sugar}}, sesame oil, garlic, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/chili-powder/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 chili powder}}, and red pepper flakes until the sugar is dissolved. Put the chicken drumettes in a 1-gallon size, resealable plastic bag. Add the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/pineapple/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 pineapple}} liquid to the chicken and seal removing as much air as possible from the bag. Marinate the chicken for 3 hours in the refrigerator.\
Put an oven rack in the center of the oven. Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with foil and spray it liberally with vegetable {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cooking-spray/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cooking spray}}.\
Remove the chicken from the marinade and arrange in a single layer on the prepared pan. Season the chicken with salt, to taste, and bake until the skin is caramelized and very dark in spots, about 30 to 35 minutes.\
Meanwhile, put the marinade into a small saucepan. Whisk in the arrowroot or cornstarch, if using, and bring to a boil over medium heat (in order to kill bacteria). Reduce the heat to a low boil and cook until thick, about 5 minutes. Cool for 10 minutes.\
Using a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/pastry-brush/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 pastry brush}}, brush some of the cooked marinade over the chicken or pour it into a small bowl and serve on the side. Arrange the chicken on a platter, sprinkle with chopped cilantro and serve.\
}