{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Tomato Canapes\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs32 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 15 servings\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs36 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}3/4 cup finely diced tomatoes\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 teaspoons finely diced onions\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon finely chopped fresh basil leaves\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon The Lady's House Seasoning, recipe follows\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 package mini phyllo shells\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup packed shredded mozzarella\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup mayonnaise\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 tablespoons real bacon pieces, or more as needed (recommended: Hormel Real Bacon pieces)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.\
Place the diced tomatoes in a colander. Sprinkle with the onions, basil, and House Seasoning, and toss to coat. Allow to drain, stirring occasionally. Fill each phyllo shell with a scant tablespoon of the tomato mixture. Stir together the mozzarella and mayonnaise. Frost the top of each shell with a scant tablespoon of the mozzarella mixture. Sprinkle each shell with 1/4 teaspoon of bacon pieces. Bake the filled shells for 10 to 12 minutes. Serve hot. These may be prepared ahead of time and refrigerated until serving time.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 House Seasoning:\
1 cup salt\
1/4 cup black pepper\
1/4 cup garlic powder\
Mix ingredients together and store in an airtight container for up to 6 months.\
}