{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red241\green241\blue241;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\tx560\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 TOMATO AND MOZZARELLA TART
\b0\fs58 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa200\ql\qnatural

\fs48 \cf0 To thaw frozen puff pastry, allow it to sit either in the refrigerator for 24 hours or on the counter for 30 to 60 minutes.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl20\sa200\ql\qnatural

\fs24 \cf0 \cb2 INGREDIENTS
\fs58 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs44 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}2 (9 1/2 by 9inch) sheets frozen puff pastry, thawed\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 large egg, beaten\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 ounces Parmesan cheese, grated (2 cups)\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 plum tomatoes, cored and sliced crosswise 1/4 inch thick\
{\listtext	\'95	}Salt and pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 garlic cloves, minced\
{\listtext	\'95	}8 ounces part-skim ricotta cheese (1 cup)\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 ounces mozzarella cheese, shredded (1/2 cup)\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons chopped fresh basil\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl20\sa200\ql\qnatural

\fs24 \cf0 \cb1 METHOD
\fs58 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\fs44 \cf0 {\listtext	1.	}Adjust oven rack to lower-middle position and heat oven to 425 degrees. Overlap sheets of pastry by 1 inch in middle of large piece of parchment. Smooth out seam with rolling pin. Brush edges of pastry with egg, then fold over short edges by 1 inch. Fold long edges of pastry over by 1 inch and press lightly to secure. Brush folded edges with egg.\
{\listtext	2.	}Carefully transfer parchment with pastry onto rimmed baking sheet. Sprinkle 1 cup Parmesan evenly over center of pastry. Using fork, poke holes in center of shell. Bake for 13 to 15 minutes, then reduce oven temperature to 350 degrees and continue to bake until golden brown and crisp, 13 to 15 minutes longer. Transfer to wire rack and let cool to room temperature, about 20 minutes. (Pastry crust can held at room temperature for up to 2 days.) Increase oven temperature to 425 degrees.\
{\listtext	3.	}Meanwhile, spread tomato slices out over several layers of paper towels, and sprinkle with 1/2 teaspoon salt. Let sit for 30 minutes, then blot dry with paper towels. Combine 2 tablespoons oil, garlic, pinch salt, and pinch pepper in small bowl. In separate bowl, mix remaining 1 cup Parmesan, remaining 1 tablespoon oil, ricotta, and mozzarella and season with salt and pepper to taste.\
{\listtext	4.	}Spread ricotta mixture evenly into baked crust. Shingle tomato slices widthwise on top of cheese, then brush with garlic oil. Bake tart until shell is deep golden brown and cheese is melted, 15 to 17 minutes. Let cool on wire rack for 5 minutes, then sprinkle with basil. Slide tart onto cutting board, cut into pieces, and serve.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl20\ql\qnatural

\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri1120\sl300\sa200\ql\qnatural

\fs44 \cf0 Even Easier, don't have time to make a tomato tart? Thinly slice 6 large tomatoes and 11/2 pounds fresh mozzarella, then shingle them, alternating, on large platter. Season with salt and pepper, drizzle lightly with extra-virgin olive oil, and sprinkle with 2 tablespoons chopped fresh basil. Serve with sliced bread or Garlic Toasts.\
\pard\tx560\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
}