{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww18840\viewh20240\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Baked Beans
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\b \cf2 Serves: 
\b0 \cf0 6 to 8 servings\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}Extra-virgin olive oil\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 large onion, cut into 1/2-inch {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/dice/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 dice}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 green pepper, stem, seeds and pith removed, cut into 1/4-inch dice\
{\listtext	\'95	}Large {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/pinch/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 pinch}} crushed red pepper flakes\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/salt/index.html"}}{\fldrslt Kosher salt}}\cf0 \
{\listtext	\'95	}4 garlic cloves, smashed and finely chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 links {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/italian-sausage/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Italian sausage}}, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/casing/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 casing}} removed and crumbled\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup tomato paste\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cumin/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cumin}} seeds, toasted and ground\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/dijon-mustard/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Dijon mustard}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons apple {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cider-vinegar/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cider vinegar}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/molasses/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 molasses}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 (28-ounce) cans navy beans\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 cups water, plus 1 cup\
{\listtext	\'95	}5 slices bacon\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 Coat an oven-safe pot with olive oil and put over medium-high heat. Add the onions, peppers and crushed red pepper flakes. Season with salt, to taste, and cook until the onions and peppers are soft and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/aromatic/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 aromatic}}, about 8 to 10 minutes. Add the garlic and cook for another 2 to 3 minutes.\
Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.\
Add the sausage and use a spoon to help break it apart. When the sausage is brown, add the tomato paste and cumin and cook for 4 to 5 minutes. Stir in the Dijon, apple cider vinegar, and molasses, then add in the beans and 1 1/2 cups of water. Taste and season with salt, if needed. Bring to {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/boil/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 boil}}, then reduce the heat and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/simmer/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 simmer}} the beans until they are nice and thick and taste really good, about 15 to 20 minutes. After 20 minutes, add the remaining cup of water.\
Top the beans with the bacon slices. Bake until the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/beans/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 beans}} are nice and thick and the bacon is crispy, about 25 to 30 minutes. Remove from the oven and serve.}