{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17600\viewh20600\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs60 \cf0 Baked Onion Rings
\b0\fs42 \
Serves:  4 to 6 servings \
\

\b Ingredients
\b0 \
2 cups all-purpose flour\
2 teaspoons smoked paprika\
4 teaspoons kosher salt\
2 cups buttermilk\
4 eggs\
3 cups panko breadcrumbs\
4 tablespoons olive oil\
2 large yellow sweet onions, such as Maui, sliced 1/4-to-1/2-inch thick\
\

\b Directions
\b0 \
Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Place parchment paper onto 2 baking sheets and set aside.\
In a small bowl, combine the flour, paprika and 2 teaspoons salt. In another bowl or shallow dish, whisk together the buttermilk and eggs. Add half of the flour mixture to the buttermilk and beat until smooth and thickened.\
In a separate bowl, combine the panko, olive oil and remaining 2 teaspoons salt.\
Lightly dredge the onion rings in the flour mixture and then drop into the buttermilk. Drain the excess batter and then dredge in the panko mixture.\
Arrange on the prepared baking sheets in a single layer. You can place smaller rings inside bigger rings if necessary, just make sure there is space between them. Then place in the oven. Cook until golden brown, 14 to 20 minutes. Halfway through the cooking time, flip over each onion ring to ensure even crisping and browning.\
\

\b\fs64 Baked Onion Rings
\b0\fs42 \
Yields:  6 servings\
\

\b Ingredients
\b0 \
2 Vidalia onions, cut into rings\
1 cup plus 1 teaspoon whole wheat flour\
3 egg whites, beaten\
2 cups whole wheat Panko breadcrumbs \
1/4  teaspoon cayenne pepper\
Salt and freshly ground pepper\
Canola spray\
\

\b Directions
\b0 \
Preheat oven to 425 degrees F.\
Place three shallow bowls on the counter in a row with a Silpat lined baking sheet fit with a cooling rack.\
Add 1 cup of the flour to one bowl, the whites mixed with 1/4 cup water and 1 teaspoon flour in the next bowl, and the breadcrumbs whisked with the cayenne in the last.  Sprinkle each bowl with salt and black pepper. \
Begin by tossing an onion ring in the flour.  Dip into the egg mixture, followed by the breadcrumbs, and then place on the rack.  Repeat with the remaining onion rings.\
Spray all of the breaded onion rings with canola oil and sprinkle with salt and black pepper.  Bake until rings are crispy, 15 minutes.\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
}