{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Cauliflower and Potatoes: "Aloo Gobi"\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs32 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 4 to 6 servings\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs36 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons Ginger-Garlic Paste, recipe follows, or 2 teaspoons grated ginger\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon ground {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/coriander/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 coriander}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 teaspoon turmeric\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup water, divided\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/peanut-oil/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 peanut oil}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 large serrano pepper, split down the middle leaving halves attached\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cumin/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cumin seeds}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 small head cauliflower, cut into small florets\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/russet-potato/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 russet potato}}, peeled and cut into 1/2-inch cubes (similar size to {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cauliflower/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cauliflower}})\
{\listtext	\'95	}Kosher salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons freshly minced {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cilantro/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cilantro}} leaves, to {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/garnish/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 garnish}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 Mix the Ginger-Garlic Paste, coriander, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/turmeric/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 turmeric}}, and 1/2 cup water in a small bowl. This is a simple wet masala (spice mix). Set aside.\
In a large pot, warm the oil over medium-high heat until shimmering but not smoking. Add the serrano pepper, wait 30 seconds, and then add the cumin seeds and wait until they're done spluttering.\
Add the wet masala (careful, it will also splutter). Cook until the paste thickens, deepens in color slightly, and oil oozes out of the perimeter of the masala, about 2 minutes.\
Add the cauliflower and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/potato/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 potatoes}}, stirring to coat the vegetables with the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/masala/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 masala}}. Season with salt and add 1/2 cup water. Cover and cook over medium heat 10 to 15 minutes. Then, remove the lid, stir, and cook until the cauliflower and potatoes are cooked through, about 5 minutes. Garnish with cilantro and serve.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ginger-Garlic Paste:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/garlic/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cloves garlic}}, whole\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup fresh ginger, peeled, cut into 1/2-inch slices\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup canola oil\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Throw the garlic, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/ginger/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 ginger}}, and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/canola-oil/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 canola oil}} in a mini-food processor and let it go until it forms a semi-smooth paste. There will still be tiny little pieces in there, but overall, it should resemble a paste.\
Save what you don't use in a small glass jar. It should last in the fridge for 2 to 3 weeks. It's a delicious addition to marinades, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/pasta/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 pasta}} sauces, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/stir-fry/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 stir fry}} sauces, slow-cooker recipes, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/gravy/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 gravy}} etc. }