{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12660\viewh15100\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs58 \cf0 Lentils 
\fs44 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1\uc0\u8260 2 pound French green lentils (lentilles du Puy)\
{\listtext	\'95	}1\uc0\u8260 4 cup good olive oil, plus extra for {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/salmon/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 salmon}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 cups chopped yellow onions\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 cups chopped leeks, white and light green parts only\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon fresh {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/thyme/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 thyme}} leaves\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 teaspoons {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/salt/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 kosher salt}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}3\uc0\u8260 4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon minced fresh garlic\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1\uc0\u8260 2 cups chopped celery (4 stalks)\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1\uc0\u8260 2 cups chopped carrots (3 carrots)\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1\uc0\u8260 2 cups Homemade {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/stock/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Chicken Stock}}, recipe follows, or good canned {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/broth/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 broth}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons tomato paste\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons good red wine {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/vinegar/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 vinegar}}\cf2 \
\pard\tx560\pardeftab720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 Place the lentils in a heat-proof bowl and cover with boiling water. Set aside for 15 minutes, then {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/drain/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 drain}}.\
Meanwhile, heat the oil in a saute pan, add the onions, leeks, thyme, salt, and pepper and cook over medium heat for 10 minutes, until the onions are translucent. Add the garlic and cook for 2 more minutes. Add the drained lentils, celery, carrots, chicken stock, and tomato paste. Cover and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/simmer/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 simmer}} over low heat for 20 minutes, until the lentils are tender. Add the vinegar and season, to taste.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Homemade Chicken Stock\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}3 (5-pound) chickens\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 large onions, unpeeled and quartered\
{\listtext	\'95	}6 carrots, unpeeled and halved\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 celery stalks with leaves, cut in thirds\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 parsnips, unpeeled and cut in 1/2, optional\
{\listtext	\'95	}20 sprigs fresh flat-leaf {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/parsley/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 parsley}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}15 sprigs fresh thyme\
{\listtext	\'95	}20 sprigs fresh {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/dill/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 dill}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 head garlic, unpeeled and cut in 1/2 crosswise\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons kosher salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 teaspoons whole black peppercorns\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Place the chickens, onions, carrots, celery, parsnips, parsley, thyme, dill, garlic, salt, and peppercorns in a 16 to 20-quart stockpot with 7 quarts of water and bring to a boil. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/skim/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Skim}} the surface, as needed. Simmer uncovered for 4 hours. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/strain/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Strain}} the entire contents of the pot through a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/colander/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 colander}}, discarding the chicken and vegetables, and chill. Discard the hardened fat, and then pack the broth in quart containers.\
Yield: 6 quarts\cf2 \
}