{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Sausage Stuffed Bell Peppers\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs32 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 4 servings\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1/2 pound ground pork sausage\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup chopped onions\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup chopped {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/bell-pepper/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 green bell peppers}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup chopped celery\
{\listtext	\'95	}Salt and freshly ground black pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 cups cook long-grain rice\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup chopped green onions, green part only\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 medium bell peppers, sliced in half lengthwise, seed removed\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 tablespoons dried fine bread crumbs\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 tablespoons grated {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/parmesan/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Parmesan}} Reggiano\
{\listtext	\'95	}Essence, recipe follows\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. In a large skillet, over medium heat, brown the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sausage/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 sausage}}, about 3 minutes. Add the onions, peppers, and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/celery/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 celery}}. Season with salt and pepper. Saute for 4 to 5 minutes, or until the vegetables are soft. Add the rice and mix well. Season with salt and pepper. Cook for about 3 minutes. Remove from the heat and stir in the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/green-onion/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 green onions}} and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/parsley/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 parsley}}. Season the bell peppers with salt and pepper. Spoon the mixture into the bell peppers. In a mixing bowl, combine the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/breadcrumbs/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 bread crumbs}} and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cheese/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cheese}}. Season with Essence and mix well. Sprinkle the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/crust/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 crust}} over each pepper. Place the peppers in a shallow pan and add just enough water to cover the bottom. Bake for 30 minutes, or until the tops are crusty and brown. Serve hot.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 ESSENCE Creole Seasoning (also referred to as Bayou Blast):\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}2 1/2 tablespoons {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/paprika/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 paprika}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/garlic/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 garlic}} powder\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon black pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/onion-powder/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 onion powder}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cayenne-pepper/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cayenne pepper}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon dried {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/oregano/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 oregano}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon dried thyme\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Combine all ingredients thoroughly and store in an airtight jar or container.\
Yield: about 2/3 cup}