{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17480\viewh20220\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs62 \cf0 "Snickers" Bars\

\fs44 Makes 12\
\

\b BASE
\b0  \
            Nonstick vegetable oil spray\
3 1/2    oz. high-quality milk chocolate\
               (such as Valrhona, Scharffen\
               Berger, or Lindt), chopped\
1          cup creamy peanut butter\
3/4       cup puffed rice cereal\
\

\b PEANUT NOUGAT\

\b0 1          large egg white, room temperature\
1/8       t. plus 3/4 cup sugar\
3         T. honey\
1         T. light corn syrup\
1/2      cup salted peanuts, chopped\
1/2      t. kosher salt\
\

\b MILK CHOCOLATE BAVARIAN CREAM\

\b0 4         T. whole milk
\b \

\b0 1 1/2    t. unflavored gelatin\
1          cup chilled heavy cream, divided\
3          large egg yolks\
1 1/2   T. sugar\
9          oz. high-quality milk chocolate \
            (see above), melted\
\

\b CHOCOLATE COATING
\b0 \
9          oz. bittersweet chocolate\
2 1/2    T. unsalted butter\
\

\b\fs38 SPECIAL EQUIPMENT:
\b0\fs40  candy thermometer\
\

\b  BASE  
\b0 Coat an 8x8x2" metal baking pan with nonstick spray: line with plastic, pressing to smooth out any wrinkles.  Place chocolate in a medium metal bowl; set over a saucepan of simmering water and stir until chocolate is melted and smooth.  Stir in peanut butter, then cereal.  Press over bottom of prepared pan in an even layer.  Cover; chill 1 hour.\
\

\b PEANUT NOUGAT  
\b0 Line a baking sheet with parchment; coat with nonstick spray.  Place egg white in bowl of a stand mixer fitted with a whisk attachment.  Beat on medium speed until frothy.  Add 1/8 t. sugar; beat until peaks begin to form.  Bring honey to a boil in a small saucepan.  With mixer running, gradually add honey to egg white.  Set aside.\
Stir 3/4 cup sugar, corn syrup, and 3 T. water in a small saucepan over medium heat until sugar dissolves.  Attach a candy thermometer to the side of pan.  Increase heat; boil until mixture reaches 275 degrees, 5-7 minutes.\
Return mixer with egg white to medium speed.  Gradually add syrup to egg white, allowing to drip down sides of bowl.  Beat until glossy and stiff, about 5 minutes.  Fold in peanuts and salt.  Spread nougat over prepared sheet into 8" square (about 1/4" thick).  Let cool for 1 hour.\
Invert nougat over base in pan; peel off parchment paper.  Spread over base in even layer.\

\b \
MILK CHOCOLATE BAVARIAN CREAM  
\b0 Place 2 T. milk in a small bowl.  Sprinkle gelatin over; let stand to soften, about 10 minutes. \
Meanwhile, bring remaining 2 T. milk and 1/4 cup cream to a simmer in a small saucepan.  Whisk yolks and sugar in a medium bowl; gradually whisk in hot cream mixture.  Return to same pan.  Stir over medium-low heat until thickened and a thermometer registers 175 degrees, about 3 minutes.  Add gelatin; whisk until dissolved.\
Place melted chocolate in another medium bowl.  Pour cream mixture through a strainer into chocolate; whisk until smooth.\
Beat remaining 3/4 cup chilled cream in a small bowl until soft peaks form.  Fold into chocolate mixture in 2 additions, folding just to blend between additions.  Pour Bavarian cream over nougat, spreading in an even layer.  Freeze until firm, about 4 hours. \
\

\b CHOCOLATE COATING  
\b0 Place chocolate and butter in a bowl set over a medium saucepan of simmering water.  Stir until melted.\
Line baking sheet with parchment paper.  Invert 8" pan onto a work surface; remove pan and peel off plastic.  Turn over.  Cut into 6 slices, then halve each slice crosswise.  Transfer pieces to prepared baking  sheet, base side down.  Using an offset spatula, spread chocolate over tops and sides of bars.  Freeze to set, 30 minutes.\
\

\b DO AHEAD:  
\b0 Can be made 3 days ahead.  Cover with foil; freeze.  Let stand at room temperature for 15 minutes before serving.\
\

\fs44 \
\
 \
\
\
}