{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red158\green0\blue0;\red51\green51\blue51;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13520\viewh17160\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\sa20\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd-4\expndtw-20
ALMOND BUTTER CHOCOLATE CHIP OATMEAL COOKIES\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Makes about 4 dozen \
\

\fs34 An indulgent combination of almond butter, chocolate chips and oatmeal make this a go-to cookie for every cookie lover\'92s sweet tooth. Recipe adapted from Barney Butter. \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural

\i\b \cf3 Ingredients: \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural

\i0\b0 \cf3 1 cup firmly packed brown sugar \
3/4 cup granulated sugar \
1/4 cup (1/2 stick) unsalted butter, softened at room temperature \
1/2 cup non-hydrogenated vegetable shortening (such as Spectrum Organics)\
3 eggs\'a0\
1 (16-ounce) jar smooth almond butter \
1 tablespoon light corn syrup \
1/2 teaspoon almond extract \
1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract \
2 cups oat flour (grind oats in a food processor until fine) \
2 cups oats \
2 teaspoons baking soda \
1 teaspoon ground cinnamon \
1/2 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg \
2 cups semi-sweet chocolate chips \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural

\i\b \cf3 Directions: \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural

\i0\b0 \cf3 1. Heat oven to 350 degrees F. In the bowl of an electric mixer combine sugars and shortening and beat at medium speed until well blended. Add eggs, one at a time, beating after each addition, until well incorporated. Add almond butter, corn syrup and extracts, beating until smooth. \
\
2. In a separate bowl, whisk together oat flour, oats, baking soda, cinnamon and nutmeg. Add oat mixture to wet ingredients and blend until just incorporated. Stir in chocolate chips. Drop generous tablespoonfuls 3 inches apart onto baking sheets. Bake for 10 minutes or until just beginning to brown. Cool on baking sheets then transfer to wire racks. \
\
}