{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red68\green68\blue68;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10880\viewh10200\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl760\qc

\f0\fs70 \cf2 Carmelitas I
\f1\fs42 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\ql\qnatural

\b\fs50 \cf2 \
Ingredients
\b0 \
32 caramel squares, unwrapped\
1/2 cup heavy cream\
3/4 cup butter, melted\
3/4 cup brown sugar, packed\
1 cup flour\
1 cup rolled oats\
1 teaspoon baking soda\
6 ounces semisweet chocolate chips\
\

\b\fs52 Directions
\b0\fs50 \
Combine caramels and cream in a small saucepan over low heat. Stir until completely smooth; set aside. In a separate bowl, combine melted butter, brown sugar, flour, oats, and baking soda. Pat half of the oatmeal mixture into the bottom of an 8x8" pan. Bake at 350 degrees for 10 minutes. Remove pan from oven and sprinkle chocolate chips over crust. Pour caramel mixture over chocolate chips. Crumble remaining oatmeal mixture over caramel. Return to oven and bake an additional 15-20 minutes, until the edges are lightly browned. Remove from oven and cool completely before cutting.\
*A stint in the fridge will help them cool off if you're pinched for time. They shouldn't be served cold, but all of that molten caramel takes a long time to cool down. They should be stored and served at room temperature.\
**If you want to use homemade or store-bought caramel sauce in place of the caramel/cream mixture, use 1 1/4 cups of sauce.\
***To make a 9x13" version, simply double the amounts. \
\
}