{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17600\viewh18700\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs84 \cf0 Cashew Butter Cookies
\fs74 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs56 \cf0 Yield:  2 dozen cookies
\fs50 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\ql\qnatural

\b\fs82 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0\fs70 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}2 1/2 cups all-purpose flour\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon baking soda\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon baking powder\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 teaspoon salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup unsalted butter, such as Straus, room temperature\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 cup cashew butter, such as Magee's\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup brown sugar, lightly packed\
{\listtext	\'95	}3/4 cup granulated sugar, plus 1/2 cup to roll cookies in\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 eggs\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons sea salt, optional\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\ql\qnatural

\b\fs82 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs70 \cf0 Center a rack in the oven and preheat to 325 degrees F. Line 3 baking sheets with parchment paper or silicone mats. 
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 Whisk together the flour, baking soda, baking powder and salt in a bowl, and then set aside. Beat the butter on medium speed in a stand mixer fitted with a paddle or with a hand mixer until soft and creamy, about 2 minutes. Add the cashew butter and beat for another minute. Add the brown sugar and 3/4 cup granulated sugar and beat for another 3 minutes. Add in the eggs, one at a time, scraping down the sides of the bowl with a spatula between each addition. 
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 Add the dry ingredients on low speed and beat until they are just combined. Pour the remaining 1/2 cup sugar into a small bowl. Form 1 1/2-ounce balls (about 1 inch) of dough and drop them into the sugar, creating an even coating. Place the cookies on a baking sheet spaced 2 inches apart. Dip a meat mallet in the sugar and press down onto the ball, slightly flattening them. If you would like, sprinkle a small pinch of sea salt over the top of each cookie before baking. Bake until the cookies are lightly golden on the edges, but still a little soft in the middle, 10 to 12 minutes. Let the cookies cool slightly before transferring to cooling racks, then continue cooling at room temperature for another 15 to 20 minutes before serving. 
\f1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 
\f0 \
}