{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16260\viewh13600\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs76 \cf0 Cashew-Caramel Cookies
\fs70 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs46 \cf0 Yield:  20 to 30 cookies\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\ql\qnatural

\b\fs74 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0\fs62 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 2/3 cups all-purpose flour\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 1/2 cups roasted salted cashews\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons plus 1 teaspoon canola oil\
{\listtext	\'95	}3/4 cup packed light brown sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup granulated sugar\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 stick (8 tablespoons) unsalted butter, softened\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 large egg\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup heavy cream\
{\listtext	\'95	}24 cubes (7 ounces) soft caramel candy\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\ql\qnatural

\b\fs74 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs62 \cf0 Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. 
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 Sift together the flour and salt. Coarsely chop 1 cup of the cashews and set aside. Process the remaining 1 1/2 cups cashews in a food processor until finely chopped. Pour in the oil and continue processing until the mixture is creamy, about 2 minutes. 
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 Combine the cashew mixture, sugars and butter in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment and mix on medium speed until fluffy, about 2 minutes. Mix in the vanilla and egg, and then reduce the speed to low. Gradually add the flour mixture, and then mix in the reserved chopped cashews. 
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 Shape the dough into 1 1/2-inch balls and space 2 inches apart on 2 parchment-lined baking sheets. Bake 6 minutes, and then gently flatten with a spatula. Continue baking until the bottoms are just golden, 6 to 7 minutes longer. Let cool completely on the baking sheets set on wire racks. 
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 Melt the cream with the caramels in a small saucepan over low heat, stirring. Let cool. Drizzle the caramel over the cookies using a spoon, and then let set. Store airtight in single layers. \
}