{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red83\green86\blue80;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17560\viewh16080\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl520\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs52 \cf2 Chewy Peanut Butter Chocolate Granola Bars\

\f1\fs32 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li300\sl380\ql\qnatural

\fs38 \cf2 2 c. old-fashioned oats \
3 T. flax seeds \
1 c. puffed wheat \
1 c. crisp rice cereal \
1/4 c. wheat bran \
1/4 c. wheat germ 
\fs44 \

\fs38 1/3 c. raw honey \
2/3 c. brown sugar \
2/3 c. crunchy peanut butter \
1/4 c.. unsweetened applesauce \
1 tsp. salt
\fs44 \

\fs38 6 oz. chocolate (70% or 80%) \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f2\fs44 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs38 \cf2 Reserve 2 oz (about a half cup) of oats. Combine those reserved oats with the flax seed in a mini-prep chopper or coffee grinder and buzz into a coarse flour. Combine with the rest of the rolled oats, puffed wheat, crisp rice cereal, wheat bran and wheat germ into a large bowl. Stir together and set aside for now. \uc0\u8232 \u8232 Prep a 9 x 13 inch pan by lining with a sheet of parchment tacked in place by a few spritzes of non-stick cooking spray. Combine honey, brown sugar, crunchy peanut butter, applesauce and salt in a saucepan over medium heat. Stir until dissolved and just starting to boil, then simmer another 2-3 minutes stirring most of the time to ensure integration and to minimize burning; it'll be about 7-8 minutes total. Stir the hot stuff into dry goods, and press into your parchment-lined pan (an extra sheet of parchment for your mitts helps here). Let cool for about an hour, and de-pan using your parchment sling (easy, huh?). Cut into approximately twenty-four 1.5 x 3.25 inch bars. To finish, melt chocolate in a double-boiler and dip and/or drizzle the bars. Let the completed bars rest on a Silpat or parchment sheet until the chocolate sets.}