{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red84\green84\blue84;\red51\green51\blue51;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl520\sa80\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs66 \cf0 Chocolate Diablo Cookies\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\fs40 \cf2 Yield:  \cf0 12 big cookies\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\ql\qnatural

\fs52 \cf0 INGREDIENTS
\b0\fs48 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 cups sifted all-purpose flour\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup sifted cocoa powder\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon baking soda\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon ground cinnamon\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon ground cayenne pepper, or more if you like it hot!\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup chocolate chips or chunks\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 cup brown sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup white sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup canola oil\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 eggs\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 tablespoons fresh-squeezed ginger juice or fresh-grated ginger root\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon vanilla extract\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\ql\qnatural

\b\fs52 \cf0 DIRECTIONS\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa160\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs48 \cf3 For the dry ingredients: Mix together the sifted flour, cocoa powder, baking soda, cinnamon and pepper in a large bowl. Stir in the chocolate chips. \uc0\u8232 For the wet ingredients: In another bowl, whisk together the brown sugar, white sugar, canola oil, eggs, ginger juice and vanilla. \u8232 Add the wet ingredients to the dry ingredients and stir to combine. \u8232 Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. On a greased cookie sheet, press fist-size cookie dough balls out and sprinkle with rock salt and sugar. Bake the cookies for approximately 11 minutes or until the cookies start to crack. They should be nice and fudgy in the middle! This recipe should make 12 BIG cookies or many more small ones. \u8232 \u8232 }