{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14520\viewh15140\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs60 \cf0 Chocolate Snaps
\f1\b0\fs48 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs36 \cf0 makes 90 cookies
\f1\fs48 \

\f0 \'a0
\f1 \

\f0 1 cup (129 grams) all-purpose flour
\f1 \

\f0 2 teaspoons (6 grans) cocoa powder
\f1 \

\f0 1/2  teaspoon (3 grams) baking soda
\f1 \

\f0 1/8  teaspoon (1 gram) salt
\f1 \

\f0 1/2  cup (86 grams) bittersweet chocolate chips   
\f1 \

\f0 1/2 cup (4 ounces) butter, softened
\f1 \

\f0 1/4 cup (54 grams) sugar
\f1 \

\f0 1/4 cup (62 grams) brown sugar, light or dark
\f1 \

\f0 1 large egg, at room temperature
\f1 \

\f0 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract
\f1 \

\f0 \'a0
\f1 \

\f0 Preheat the oven to 350F. Line two baking sheets with parchment paper; set aside. In a small bowl, whisk together the flour, cocoa powder, baking soda and salt.
\f1 \

\f0 Place the choclate chips in a glass, microwave-safe bowl, and cook, uncovered, for 90 seconds, or until melted. Set aside to cool slightly.\'a0
\f1 \

\f0 In a large mixing bowl on medium-high speed, beat the butter and sugars until creamy. Add the egg and vanilla; beat for 1 minute until light and fluffy. Pour the melted chocolate into the bowl and beat for 1 more minute, until well-mixed.
\f1 \

\f0 Add the flour mixture, turn the mixer onto the lowest speed and mix until the flour is just incorporated. Stop the mixer and scrape down the sides of the bowl. Turn speed up to medium-high and beat for 30 seconds. The dough will look more like a thick cake batter than traditional cookie dough.
\f1 \

\f0 Fill a pastry bag and squeeze coin-sized dollops of dough 1-inch apart onto the prepared baking sheets. You should be able to fit 24 cookies per sheet. Bake for 9 minutes, then remove sheets from the oven and let cool on the tray for two minutes. Using a spatula, transfer the cookies to the rack and let cool completely. Repeat with remaining dough, or see note for freezing formed cookies to bake at another time.
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f0\b \cf0 \'a0
\f1\b0 \

\f0\b Freezer Note:
\f1\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f0 \cf0 Place drops of dough onto a parchment lined cookie sheet\'97no need to leave too much space since you're not baking them right now. Place the tray in the freezer until cookies set, about 20 minutes. Place formed cookies in a ziptop bag and remove as much air as possible. Freeze for up to one month. When ready to bake, follow directions, adding 1 extra minute to the cooking time, for a total of 10 minutes.
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f0\b \cf0 \'a0}