{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs54 \cf0 Chocolate Dipped Cookies\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs34 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 36 cookies\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs38 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs46 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cookie/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Cookies}}:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs44 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}2 cups {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/flour/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 all-purpose flour}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup unsweetened cocoa powder\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 teaspoons {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/espresso/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 espresso}} powder\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon baking powder\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon table salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 sticks {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/butter/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 unsalted butter}}, softened\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 large eggs\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon vanilla extract\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs46 \cf0 Glaze:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs44 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}4 ounces {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/chocolate/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 semisweet chocolate}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 ounces bittersweet chocolate\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 tablespoons unsalted butter\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 tablespoons {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/corn-syrup/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 corn syrup}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon vanilla extract\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs46 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs44 \cf0 Cookies:\
Whisk together flour, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cocoa-powder/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cocoa powder}}, espresso powder, baking powder, and salt in a small bowl.\
In a large bowl, add the butter and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sugar/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 sugar}} and cream together, using an electric {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/mixer/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 mixer}}, until light and fluffy. Beat in the eggs and vanilla, then slowly add the dry ingredients. Form the dough into a long 2-inch thick log on parchment paper and roll tightly. Freeze for at least 4 hours to overnight.\
Arrange racks in the middle of the oven. Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.\
Slice the dough into 1/4-inch rounds and arrange them on a parchment lined baking sheet, about 1-inch apart. Bake for 12 to 15 minutes. Remove and let cool for 5 minutes on the baking sheet, then remove to a wire rack. Let cool completely before glazing.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/glaze/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Glaze}}:\
Melt the chocolate and butter in a small glass bowl over a pot of simmering water. Whisk together until smooth and glossy. Remove from the heat and whisk in corn syrup and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/extracts/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 vanilla extract}} until smooth.\
Dip the cooled cookies into the glaze and remove, with a fork, to a wire rack set over a sheet tray. Allow the cookies to set for 40 minutes before serving.\
\
}