{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Chocolate Macadamia Cheesecake Bars\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs32 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 2 1/2 dozen bars\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs36 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Crust:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 3/4 cup vanilla wafer crumbs\
{\listtext	\'95	}3/4 cup finely chopped, roasted, salted macadamia nuts\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup firmly packed brown sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}8 tablespoons (1 stick) butter, melted\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Filling:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}2 (8-ounce) packages cream cheese, softened\
{\listtext	\'95	}3/4 cup granulated sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 large eggs\
{\listtext	\'95	}3/4 cup sour cream\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup semisweet chocolate morsels\
{\listtext	\'95	}3/4 cups finely chopped, roasted, salted macadamia nuts\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F. Line a 13 by 9-inch baking pan with heavy-duty aluminum foil, letting the edges of the foil extend over the sides of the pan.\
For the crust: In a small bowl, combine the wafer crumbs, nuts, brown sugar, and butter. Press evenly into the bottom of the prepared pan. Bake for 8 minutes. Let cool completely on a wire rack.\
For the filling: In a large bowl, beat the cream cheese and granulated sugar at medium speed with a mixer until creamy. Add the eggs, 1 at a time, beating well after each addition. Stir in the sour cream. Pour over the crust. Sprinkle with chocolate morsels. Bake until set, 40 minutes. Sprinkle with the nuts. Let cool completely on a wire rack. Cut into bars to serve. Store in the refrigerator.\
}