{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Chocolate Chip Brownie Bars\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs32 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 24 bars\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}Nonstick cooking spray\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup butter, softened\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 cups firmly packed brown sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 large eggs\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 cups all-purpose flour\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon baking soda\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup semisweet chocolate morsels\
{\listtext	\'95	}One 6.5-ounce box brownie mix\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/3 cup vegetable oil\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a 13-by-9-inch baking pan with heavy-duty aluminum foil with a 2-inch overhang. Spray with nonstick cooking spray.\
In a large bowl, beat the butter and brown sugar at medium-high speed with a mixer until fluffy. Add 2 eggs, beating until well blended. In a medium bowl, combine the flour, baking soda and salt. Gradually add the flour mixture to the butter mixture, beating until the mixture forms a soft dough. Stir in the chocolate morsels.\
In another large bowl, combine the brownie mix, oil, 1/4 cup water and remaining 2 eggs, beating until well blended.\
Spread the the cookie dough in prepared pan. Pour the brownie mixture over the dough. Using a knife, swirl the mixtures together. Bake until the edges start to pull away from sides of the pan, 40 minutes. Let cool in the pan for 1 hour. Cover and refrigerate for 4 hours. Cut into bars.\
}