{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red84\green84\blue84;\red51\green51\blue51;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid4}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl520\sa80\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs66 \cf0 Chocolate Honeycomb Cookies\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\fs40 \cf2 Yield:  \cf0 12 cookies\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\ql\qnatural

\fs52 \cf0 INGREDIENTS\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0\fs48 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 cup all-purpose flour\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup cocoa powder\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon baking soda\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup fine raw sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon vanilla extract\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 egg\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup unsalted butter, melted\
{\listtext	\'95	}Fleur de sel, to taste\
{\listtext	\'95	}Honeycomb, crumbled, recipe follows\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls3\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}Honeycomb:\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 cups sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup honey\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls4\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon baking soda\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon vanilla extract\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\ql\qnatural

\b\fs52 \cf0 DIRECTIONS\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa160\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs48 \cf3 Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper. \uc0\u8232 \u8232 Throw the flour, cocoa powder and baking soda into a bowl and whisk until combined. Combine the raw sugar, vanilla extract and egg in a stand mixer and mix on high speed until smooth and thick, 3 minutes. Turn the speed down to low and slowly stream in the melted butter. Add in the dry ingredients and mix on low until fully incorporated. \u8232 \u8232 Drop heaping tablespoons of dough 2 to 3 inches apart on the baking sheet, and bake 7 minutes. Cool on the baking sheets about 3 minutes, and then sprinkle with the Honeycomb while the cookies are still soft. Press the Honeycomb into the cookies and sprinkle with a pinch of fleur de sel.
\b\fs52 \cf0 \

\b0\fs48 \cf3 Line a baking sheet with lightly buttered parchment paper. \uc0\u8232 \u8232 Stir together the sugar and honey in a medium saucepan over medium heat until the sugar is dissolved. Cook the sugar, monitoring with a candy thermometer, until it reaches 300 degrees F (hard crack stage), about 10 minutes. \u8232 \u8232 Whisk in the baking soda and vanilla. As soon as the mixture begins to puff, about 30 seconds, pour it out in a flat layer onto the baking sheet. Let harden 30 minutes.}