{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14700\viewh16760\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs66 \cf0 Coconut Macaroons \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs46 \cf2 Serves:
\b   
\b0 \cf0 20 to 22 cookies\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs60 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs62 \cf0 14 ounces sweetened shredded coconut\
14 ounces sweetened condensed milk\
1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract\
2 extra-large egg whites, at room temperature\
1/4 teaspoon kosher salt\
1 1/2 cup semi-sweet chocolate\

\fs58 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs60 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0 \cf0 Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F.\
Combine the coconut, condensed milk, and vanilla in a large bowl. Whip the egg whites and salt on high speed in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the whisk attachment until they make medium-firm peaks. Carefully fold the egg whites into the coconut mixture.\
Drop the batter onto sheet pans lined with parchment paper using either a 1 3/4-inch diameter ice cream scoop, or 2 teaspoons. Bake for 25 to 30 minutes, until golden brown.
\fs58  
\f2\fs56 Immediately transfer baked macaroons to a wire rack to completely cool.
\f1\fs66   \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\ql\qnatural

\f2\fs56 \cf0 Melt 1-1/2 cups of chocolate in the microwave or over a double-boiler. Gently dip the bottom half of each macaroon into the melted chocolate.\
Place chocolate coated macaroons back on the cookie sheet and allow them to rest until the chocolate hardens. Store tightly covered at room temperature for up to a week.
\fs46 \

\f1\fs66 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs58 \cf0 \
\
\
}