{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww20940\viewh20240\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs54 \cf0 Coffee Toffee Brownie Bars\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ri0\sl320\sa80\ql\qnatural

\fs36 \cf0 Servings:  
\b0 48 bars\

\b\fs48 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ri0\sl320\sa80\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs44 \cf0 \'bc   cup instant coffee granules   \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \'bd   cup water, divided
\fs24 \

\fs44 2    boxes Duncan Hines\'ae Dark
\fs24 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ri0\sl320\sa80\ql\qnatural

\fs44 \cf0       ChocolatePremium Brownie Mix\
5    large eggs\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 1    cup vegetable oil
\fs24 \

\fs44 2    packages (8 oz. each) toffee bits
\fs24 \

\fs44 1/3  cup Duncan Hines\'ae Creamy Home-Style Dark Chocolate Fudge Frosting
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa100\ql\qnatural

\b\fs48 \cf0 Instructions\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ri-10080\sl320\sa160\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs44 \cf0       Preheat oven following directions on box for type of pan used. Grease 17x12x1-inch baking pan; set aside. Dissolve coffee granules in 1/4 cup HOT water. Add remaining 1/4 cup water.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\fs24 \cf0       
\fs44 Prepare brownie mix as described on box using 5 eggs, coffee-water mixture and oil. Spread evenly into prepared pan.
\fs24 \
      
\fs44 Bake in center of oven 28 to 32 minutes or until a toothpick inserted in center comes out almost clean. Immediately spread toffee bits evenly over top. Carefully cover tightly with foil. Place on wire rack; cool completely.
\fs24 \
      
\fs44 Place frosting in small, microwave-safe bowl. Microwave on 50% power for 15 seconds. Stir to blend. If needed, microwave another 15 seconds. Do NOT overheat. Heat just until frosting flows slightly. Place in resealable plastic bag. Cut a very small hole in bottom corner. Squeeze bag to drizzle frosting evenly over toffee bits.
\fs24 \
      
\fs44 Allow frosting to set. Cut into bars and serve.
\fs24 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ri0\sl360\ql\qnatural

\b\fs56 \cf0 Tips:
\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ri-6560\sl320\sa160\ql\qnatural

\fs44 \cf0 		Do NOT use a smaller pan to bake this quantity. It will overflow pan.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\fs24 \cf0     
\fs44 	For smaller occasions, cut recipe in half and use a 13x9-inch pan following baking directions on box.   \
      Recommend using 3 eggs.
\fs24 \
    
\fs44 	}