{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red87\green42\blue40;\red47\green44\blue41;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13660\viewh16640\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa200\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs54 \cf2 Double Chocolate Peppermint Cookies\

\b0\fs32 Yields:  about 26 cookies
\b \

\fs40 Ingredients
\fs48 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl280\sa200\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0\fs36 \cf3 		
\fs42 2/3 cup butter, softened\
		1 cup sugar\
		1 egg\
		1 tablespoon milk\
		1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract\
		1-1/2 cups all-purpose flour\
		1/3 cup cocoa\
		1/2 teaspoon baking soda\
		1/4 teaspoon salt\
		1 cup dark chocolate chips or semi-sweet chocolate chips\
		24 to 26 small (1-1/2 inch) peppermint patties\
		White decorator's sugar\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\ql\qnatural

\fs36 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa200\ql\qnatural

\b\fs42 \cf2 Directions\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl340\sa360\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\b0\fs36 \cf1 {\listtext	.	}
\fs42 1 \cf2 Beat butter and sugar in large mixing bowl; add egg, milk and vanilla, blending thoroughly. Stir together flour, cocoa, baking soda and salt. Add to butter mixture, blending well. Stir in chocolate chips. Refrigerate dough about 1 hour or until firm enough to handle. (Dough will be a little soft.)\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl340\sa360\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf1 {\listtext	.	}2 \cf2 Heat oven to 350\'b0F. Lightly grease cookie sheet or line with parchment paper. Remove wrappers from peppermint patties.\
\ls2\ilvl0\cf1 {\listtext	.	}3 \cf2 Roll dough into 1-1/4 inch balls. For each cookie flatten ball slightly; press peppermint pattie into dough. Mold dough around pattie so that it is completely covered. Place on prepared cookie sheet. \
\ls2\ilvl0\cf1 {\listtext	.	}4 \cf2 Bake 12 to 14 minutes or until cookie is set; sprinkle with additional sugar, if desired. Cool slightly; remove from cookie sheet to wire rack. Cool completely. About 2 dozen cookies.\
{\listtext	.	}\
}