{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17340\viewh16640\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Double Chocolate M&M Cookies
\b0\fs36 \

\fs32 Makes: 2 to 3 dozen cookies \

\fs26 \

\fs44 1 cup all-purpose flour\uc0\u8232 1/2 cup unsweetened cocoa powder\u8232 1/2 teaspoon baking soda\u8232 1/2 teaspoon salt\u8232 4 ounces semisweet chocolate, coarsely chopped\u8232 1/2 cup (1 stick) unsalted butter, cut into eight pieces\u8232 3/4 cup M&M\'92s\u8232 1 1/2 cups sugar\u8232 2 large eggs\u8232 1 teaspoon vanilla\
\
Preheat oven to 325 degrees. \
In a medium bowl, whisk together flour, cocoa powder, baking soda, and salt; set aside.\
In a medium heatproof bowl, place the chopped chocolate and the butter and place over a pan of simmering water and melt chocolate and butter, stirring until smooth. Let the mixture cool slightly, about 2-3 minutes until it is at room temperature or just slightly warm.\
In the bowl of an electric stand mixer, combine the chocolate mixture, sugar, eggs, and vanilla. Mix on medium speed until combined. Gradually mix in flour mixture on low speed. Fold in M&M\'92s with a wooden spoon. Line baking sheets with parchment paper, silpat liners. Drop dough onto baking sheets by tablespoonfuls spacing them about 1 1/2 inches apart. \
Bake the cookies until they have slightly flattened and there are a few cracks on the surface, about 13-14 minutes. \
The cookies will still be soft. Let the cookies sit for 2-3 minutes on the baking sheet before removing them to a wire rack to cool completely. }