{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red84\green84\blue84;\red51\green51\blue51;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl520\sa80\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs66 \cf0 Double Peanut Butter Cup Cookies\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\fs40 \cf2 Yield:  \cf0 3 dozen\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\ql\qnatural

\fs52 \cf0 INGREDIENTS\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0\fs48 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}2 1/3 cups all-purpose flour\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup unsweetened natural cocoa\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon baking soda\
{\listtext	\'95	}Pinch fine salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup (2 sticks) unsalted butter, softened\
{\listtext	\'95	}3/4 cup packed brown sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}3/4 cup granulated sugar\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}3/4 cup smooth peanut butter\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/4 teaspoon vanilla extract\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 eggs\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/4 cup bittersweet chocolate chips\
{\listtext	\'95	}3/4 cup peanut butter chips\
{\listtext	\'95	}20 miniature peanut butter cups, halved\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\ql\qnatural

\b\fs52 \cf0 DIRECTIONS\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa160\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs48 \cf3 Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. \uc0\u8232 \u8232 Combine the flour, cocoa, baking soda and salt in a medium bowl. Set aside. \u8232 \u8232 Cream the butter and sugars together in a large bowl with an electric mixer until fluffy. Add the peanut butter, vanilla and eggs and mix on low. Stir in the flour-cocoa mixture until just mixed. Fold in the chocolate chips, peanut butter chips and peanut butter cups and stir with a wooden spoon. \u8232 \u8232 Drop a heaping tablespoonful of dough onto baking sheets, leaving 2 inches between each cookie to allow them to spread. Bake until set, but still a touch soft inside, 8 to 10 minutes. Cool for 2 minutes on baking sheet, then transfer cookies to wire rack to cool completely.\
}