{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red84\green84\blue84;\red51\green51\blue51;\red0\green101\blue159;
}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl520\sa80\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs64 \cf0 Double Peanut Butter Cookies\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\fs38 \cf2 Yield:  \cf0 24 cookies\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\ql\qnatural

\fs52 \cf0 INGREDIENTS\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0\fs48 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup dry roasted peanuts, finely chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup granulated sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup creamy peanut butter\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup powdered sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 (16.5-ounce) roll Pillsbury(R) refrigerated peanut butter cookies, well chilled\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\ql\qnatural

\b\fs52 \cf0 DIRECTIONS\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa160\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs48 \cf3 Heat the oven to 375 degrees F. In a small bowl, mix the chopped {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/peanut/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 peanuts}}, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sugar/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 granulated sugar}}, and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cinnamon/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 cinnamon}}; set aside. 
\b \uc0\u8232 
\b0 \uc0\u8232 In another small bowl, stir the peanut butter and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/powdered-sugar/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 powdered sugar}} until completely blended. Evenly divide the mixture into 24 portions and shape into 1-inch balls. 
\b \uc0\u8232 
\b0 \uc0\u8232 Cut roll of cookie dough into 12 slices. Cut each slice in half crosswise to make 24 pieces; flatten slightly. Shape 1 cookie dough piece around 1 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/peanut-butter/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 peanut butter}} ball, covering completely. Repeat with remaining cookie {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/dough/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 dough}} and peanut balls. 
\b \uc0\u8232 
\b0 \uc0\u8232 Roll each covered ball in the peanut mixture and gently pat the mixture completely onto the balls. On ungreased large cookie sheets, place the balls 2-inches apart. Spray the bottom of a drinking glass with nonstick {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cooking-spray/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 cooking spray}} and press into the remaining peanut mixture. Flatten each ball to 1/2-inch thickness with the bottom of the glass. Sprinkle any remaining peanut mixture evenly on tops of cookies and gently press into the dough. 
\b \uc0\u8232 
\b0 \uc0\u8232 Bake 7 to 12 minutes or until the edges are golden brown. Cool 1 minute, then remove from the cookie sheets to a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cooling-rack/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 cooling rack}} to cool completely. Store tightly covered.\
}