{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red84\green84\blue84;\red51\green51\blue51;\red0\green101\blue159;
}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14240\viewh19220\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl520\sa80\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs66 \cf0 Extra Crispy Chocolate Chip Cookies\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\fs40 \cf2 Yield:  \cf0 about 30 cookies\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\ql\qnatural

\fs52 \cf0 INGREDIENTS\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0\fs48 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour\
{\listtext	\'95	}3/4 teaspoon baking soda\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 teaspoons kosher salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 3/4 sticks (7 ounces) unsalted butter, melted and cooled\
{\listtext	\'95	}3/4 cup granulated sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup packed light brown sugar\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon molasses\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 tablespoons milk\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup roughly chopped bittersweet chocolate about 4 1/2 ounces)\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup semisweet chocolate chips (about 3 ounces)\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 cups puffed rice cereal, such as Rice Krispies (about 1 1/2 ounces)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\ql\qnatural

\b\fs52 \cf0 DIRECTIONS\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa160\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs48 \cf3 Combine the flour, baking soda and salt in a medium bowl. Beat the butter, sugars and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/molasses/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 molasses}} in a large bowl with a wooden spoon until the sugar is dissolved (the mixture shouldn't feel grainy when you rub some of it between your fingertips). Stir in the vanilla and then the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/milk/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 milk}}. Add the flour mixture all at once and stir just until the dough comes together. Stir in the chocolate and the rice cereal. Cover the bowl with {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/plastic-wrap/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 plastic wrap}} and chill for at least 30 minutes or overnight. \uc0\u8232 Position the racks in the upper and lower thirds of the oven and preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line baking sheets with parchment paper or silicone mats. \u8232 Roll the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/dough/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 dough}} into 1 1/2-inch balls (using a cookie scoop or an {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/ice-cream-scoop/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 ice cream scoop}} helps you get perfectly uniform cookies). Place the dough balls on the lined baking sheets, leaving 3 inches of space between them (about 6 cookies should fit on a large baking sheet). Flatten the balls slightly with a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/spatula/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 spatula}}. \uc0\u8232 4. Bake until the cookies are golden brown around the edges, 14 to 18 minutes. Let cool for about 5 minutes, then transfer the cookies with a spatula to a wire rack to cool completely. \u8232 Cook's Note: How to chop chocolate: Use a sharp chef's knife on a clean cutting board. Let the chocolate fall naturally into chunks and then {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/chop/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 chop}} slowly so you do not overchop the chocolate resulting in lots of small shavings. \uc0\u8232 To make sure the cookies bake evenly, switch the position of the baking sheets (meaning move the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cookie/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 cookies}} on the upper rack to the lower rack and vice versa) and rotate the sheets from front to back halfway through the baking time.}