{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16020\viewh14120\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs54 \cf0 Extra-Spicy Gingersnaps
\f1\b0\fs38 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Serves:  60 cookies\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 Ingredients
\f1\b0\fs46 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural
\cf0 2 1/2 cups all-purpose flour\
1 1/2 teaspoons baking soda\
3/4 teaspoon cinnamon\
1 teaspoon ground ginger, or more to taste\
1/2 teaspoon ground cloves\
1/2 teaspoon salt\
1/2 teaspoon cayenne pepper\
8 tablespoons (1 stick) cool unsalted butter, cut into pieces\
1/2 cup granulated sugar, plus extra for rolling\
1 cup light brown sugar, packed\
1/3 cup molasses \
1/4 cup egg whites (from about 2 eggs)\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 Directions
\f1\b0\fs46 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Combine the flour, baking soda, and spices in a mixing bowl and set aside. Cream the butter until smooth and fluffy in a mixer fitted with a paddle attachment (or using a hand mixer). Add the sugars and mix. Add the molasses and mix. Add the egg whites in 2 batches, mixing to combine after each addition. Add the dry ingredients in three batches, mixing to combine after each addition.\
Heat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spread a few tablespoons of granulated sugar on a small plate.\
Roll the dough into 3/4-inch balls, then roll each ball in the sugar until lightly coated. Transfer to parchment lined cookie sheets, leaving 1-inch of space between the cookies. Bake until browned, 8 to 10 minutes. Let cool on wire racks and store in an airtight container.\
\
\
\
}