{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red81\green30\blue0;\red254\green249\blue241;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12600\viewh14240\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs54 \cf2 \cb3 Heath Bar Cookies 
\fs48 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b\fs40 \cf2 INGREDIENTS\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0 \cf2 		2 1/2 cups all-purpose flour\
		1 teaspoon salt\
		1 teaspoon baking soda\
		1 cup (2 sticks) unsalted butter, softened\
		1 1/2 cups sugar\
		2 eggs\
		1 teaspoon vanilla\
		1 1/2 cups chopped Heath Bar pieces (Eight 1.4 ounce bars)\
		\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f0\b \cf2 DIRECTIONS
\f1\b0 \uc0\u8232 Sift together the flour, salt, and baking soda. Set aside. In a separate bowl, place Heath Bar pieces. Set aside.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural
\cf2 \
Beat together the butter and sugar. Beat in eggs one at a time, and vanilla.\
Alternatively mix in the Heath Bar pieces and the flour mixture, a third at a time, until well blended. 
\b Chill cookie dough for at least 30 minutes
\b0 .\cb1 \
\cb3 \uc0\u8232 Preheat oven to 350\'b0F. \
On cookie sheets lined with parchment paper or Silpat, spoon out the cookie dough in small 1-inch diameter balls (size of a large marble). Place dough balls 3 inches away from each other on the cookie sheets. (Make sure there is plenty of room between the cookie balls, and that the cookie balls aren't too big. These cookies spread!)\
\
Bake for 10-12 minutes, until the edges are just starting to brown. Remove from oven and let cool for a few minutes. Then transfer the cookies to a wire rack to cool completely.\
Makes about 6 dozen cookies.}