{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red164\green194\blue114;\red45\green57\blue24;\red47\green43\blue34;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16280\viewh21320\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa400\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs52 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd8\expndtw40
Iced Sugar Cookies\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa380\ql\qnatural

\fs42 \cf3 \kerning1\expnd8\expndtw40
For the sugar cookies:\
\pard\pardeftab720\li40\ri760\sl360\sa120\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs36 \cf4 \kerning1\expnd4\expndtw20
2 3/4 cups all-purpose flour\uc0\u8232 1 tsp. baking soda\u8232 1/2 tsp. baking powder\u8232 1/4 tsp. kosher salt\u8232 1 cup butter, softened\u8232 1 1/2 cups granulated sugar\u8232 1 egg, at room temperature\u8232 1 1/4 tsp. vanilla extract\
Sift together the flour, baking soda, baking powder and salt.\
In a large mixing bowl, cream together (using a whisk, electric mixer or stand mixer) the butter and sugar until smooth. Add egg and vanilla and beat for an additional minute. Slowly add the dry sifted ingredients to the wet ingredients until all is incorporated.\
Preheat oven to 375 degrees.\
Roll the dough into two equal balls and wrap with plastic wrap. Place in the refrigerator for 30 minutes to 1 hour. After refrigerated, roll out each ball, one at a time, to about a 3/16-inch to 1/4-inch thickness on a lightly floured surface. Cut with cookie cutters dusted with flour (to avoid sticking). Place on a cookie sheet lined with parchment paper and bake for 7-10 minutes, or until the cookies appear to almost turn golden around the edges.\'a0 The cookies should look like they aren\'92t 
\i \kerning1\expnd4\expndtw20
quite
\i0 \kerning1\expnd4\expndtw20
 done.\'a0 Remove from oven and let cool on cookie sheet for 3-4 minutes before transferring to a wire rack to fully cool.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa380\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs42 \cf3 \kerning1\expnd8\expndtw40
For the icing:\
\pard\pardeftab720\li40\ri760\sl360\sa120\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs36 \cf4 \kerning1\expnd4\expndtw20
1 cup confectioners (powdered) sugar\uc0\u8232 2 tsp. milk (may need up to 4 tsp)\u8232 2 tsp. light corn syrup\u8232 1/4 tsp. almond extract\u8232 red food coloring, if desired\
In a small bowl, combine the sugar and milk until smooth. Mix in corn syrup and almond extract until smooth and glossy. If too thick, add 1 tsp. milk or corn syrup.\'a0 If you\'92re wanting to make several different colors, separate the icing into separate bowls prior to adding any food coloring. Add drops of food coloring to reach your desired intensity of color.\'a0 Spread over completely cooled cookies using a spoon or knife. Let sit until icing is hardened, about 30 minutes to one hour.}