{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Lavender and Lemon Cookies\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs32 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 25 to 27 cookies\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs38 \cf0 \

\fs46 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs44 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}3/4 cup all-purpose flour\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup almond flour\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons arrowroot\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon dried lavender\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon fine sea salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon baking soda\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 stick unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch pieces, chilled\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 large lemon, zested\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons honey\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs46 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs44 \cf0 Place an oven rack in the center of the oven. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper.\
In a food processor, pulse together the flours, arrowroot, sugar, lavender, salt and baking soda.\
Add the butter and lemon zest. Pulse until the mixture forms a coarse meal. Add the honey and lemon juice. Pulse until the mixture forms a soft dough. Form the dough into 1-inch round balls and press into discs, about 1 1/2 inches in diameter and 1/4-inch thick. Arrange in a single layer on the prepared baking sheet. Bake until light brown around the edges, 9 to 11 minutes. Cool for 5 minutes. Transfer to a wire rack and cool completely, about 15 minutes.\
}