{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 Tahoma;\f4\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;\red51\green51\blue51;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{circle\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid4}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17100\viewh20760\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Mascarpone Chocolate Toffee Bars\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs32 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 21 bars\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs36 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}Vegetable cooking spray\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 pound refrigerated sugar cookie dough (recommended: Pillsbury)\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 (1.4-ounces) chocolate-toffee candy bars, coarsely chopped, divided (recommended: Skor)\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon pure vanilla extract\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup semisweet chocolate chips (recommended: Ghirardelli)\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon vegetable oil\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup (8 ounces) mascarpone cheese, at room temperature\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup sliced almonds, toasted * see Cook's Note\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 Position an oven rack in the middle of the oven. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.\
Spray a 7 by 10 3/4-inch nonstick baking pan with vegetable cooking spray. Lay a 6 by 18-inch piece of parchment paper in the pan, allowing the excess paper to overhang the sides. Spray the parchment paper lightly with cooking spray.\
In a medium bowl, combine the cookie dough, 1/2 of the chopped chocolate-toffee candy pieces and vanilla extract. Using damp fingers, gently press the dough into the prepared pan. Using the tines of a fork, prick the dough all over. Bake for 12 to 14 minutes until the crust is lightly browned. Cool for 15 minutes.\
Place the chocolate chips and vegetable oil in a medium bowl. Place the bowl over a pan of simmering water and stir until the chocolate has melted. Cool the chocolate mixture for 10 minutes. Whisk in the mascarpone cheese until the mixture is smooth. Using a spatula, spread the chocolate mixture over the cooled crust. Sprinkle the remaining chocolate-toffee candy pieces and sliced almonds over the chocolate mixture. Refrigerate for at least 2 hours until the chocolate layer is firm.\
Peel off the parchment paper and cut into 1 1/2 by 2-inch bars. Serve at room temperature.\
*Cook's Note: To toast almonds, arrange in a single layer on a baking sheet. Bake in a preheated 350 degrees F oven for 8 to 10 minutes until lightly browned.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa120\ql\qnatural

\f2\b\fs48 \cf3 Mascarpone Cheese Substitute
\b0\fs30 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl480\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\fs46 \cf3 Ingredients\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sl340\ql\qnatural
\ls3\ilvl1
\f1\fs38 \cf3 {\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}1 (8 ounce) packages cream cheese 
\b\fs32 \
\ls3\ilvl1
\b0\fs38 {\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}1/4 cup heavy whipping cream 
\b\fs32 \
\ls3\ilvl1
\b0\fs38 {\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}2 1/2 tablespoons sour cream 
\b\fs32 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl560\ql\qnatural

\f3\fs46 \cf3 Directions\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl340\ql\qnatural
\ls4\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs38 \cf3 {\listtext	1.	}Combine well and use in recipes calling for Mascarpone cheese.
\b\fs40 \
\ls4\ilvl0
\b0\fs38 {\listtext	2.	}Do not substitute low fat cream cheese or sour cream.
\b\fs40 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f4\b0\fs36 \cf0       \
Makes 10 ounces\
\
}