{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red34\green34\blue34;\red254\green255\blue252;\red94\green94\blue94;
\red82\green82\blue82;\red51\green51\blue51;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17060\viewh21320\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\li140\ri-5340\sl440\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs56 \cf2 \cb3 Mexican Chocolate Crackle Biscuits
\b0  \
\pard\pardeftab720\li140\ri860\sl440\sa140\ql\qnatural

\fs36 \cf2 Yields: about 20
\fs38 \

\f1\i\fs24 \cf4 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa240\ql\qnatural

\i0\fs46 \cf5 1 1/2 tablespoons butter\uc0\u8232 2 teaspoons coffee liqueur\u8232 3 oz bittersweet chocolate, roughly chopped\u8232 1 large egg\u8232 1/4 cup granulated sugar, plus 1/4 cup extra\u8232 1/3 cup all-purpose flour\u8232 1/4 cup whole almonds, lightly toasted\u8232 1/2 teaspoon cinnamon\u8232 1/4 teaspoon baking powder\u8232 1/4 teaspoon anco chile powder\u8232 1/3 cup unsifted icing sugar\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa240\ql\qnatural
\cf6 Bring 2 inches water to the boil in a small saucepan. Place the butter, liqueur, and chocolate in a heat-proof glass bowl. Turn off the heat, then set the glass bowl over the steaming water. Stir with a spatula until the mixture is smooth. Remove from saucepan and let cool slightly whilst you whip the eggs.\
Place the eggs and 1/4 cup of the granulated sugar in the bowl of a mixer and whip, on high speed until the mixture is very light in colour, about 5 to 6 minutes. Scrape the melted chocolate mixture into the eggs and whip until well blended, about 1 minute. Scrape down the bowl.\
Place the flour, nuts cinnamon, baking powder, and chile powder in the bowl of a food processor and process until the nuts are finely chopped, about 60 to 90 seconds. Add the flour mixture to the eggs and beat on low speed until just combined. Stir mixture gently with a spatula to ensure all the flour is incorporated. At this point the dough should vaguely resemble a thick mousse. Cover the bowl and refrigerate for 1 to 2 hours, or until firm.\
Preheat the oven to 325\'b0F, line a biscuit tray with baking paper.\
Roll tablespoon sized amounts of dough into balls. Place the remaining 1/4 cup of granulated sugar in a small bowl and the icing sugar in another. Roll each ball of dough in the granulated sugar and then in the icing sugar. Be generous with the icing sugar, ensuring that each ball is covered with enough icing sugar so that you cannot see the dough underneath. Space the balls 5cm (2in) apart on the baking trays.\
Bake the biscuits for 11-14 minutes, rotating the tray halfway through. The biscuits should be puffed and cracked when they are fully baked, if you nudge them they should slide on the tray rather than stick. Transfer to a wire rack and let cool completely.}