{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww19000\viewh19040\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs60 \cf0 Molasses Cookies I
\f1\b0\fs44 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs38 \cf0 Serves:  12 cookies\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs54 \cf0 Ingredients
\f1\b0\fs52 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural
\cf0 1 cup dark brown sugar\
1 stick (1/2 cup) unsalted butter, melted and cooled\
3 tablespoons molasses\
1 teaspoons pure vanilla extract\
1 large egg\
1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour\
1 teaspoon baking soda\
1 teaspoon ground ginger\
1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon\
1/2 teaspoon ground cloves\
1/4 teaspoon table salt\
1/4 cup granulated sugar\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs54 \cf0 Directions
\f1\b0\fs52 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Adjust the oven rack to middle. Line 2 sheet trays with parchment.\
Whisk the brown sugar in a large bowl to get rid of the lumps. Add the butter and stir until smooth. Stir in the molasses, vanilla and egg, mixing until well combined.\
Whisk together the flour, baking soda, ginger , cinnamon, cloves and salt in a separate medium bowl. Add the dry mixture to the butter mixture and stir until well incorporated and smooth, about 2 minutes.\
Pour the granulated sugar onto a plate. Divide the dough into 12 equal-size balls and roll them in the sugar. Arrange the dough on the prepared sheet trays at least 2 inches apart. Press gently to flatten. Bake about 17 minutes. Let cool completely on the sheet trays.\
\
}