{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Roman;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red51\green51\blue51;\red34\green34\blue34;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17300\viewh15620\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl800\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs78 \cf2 Monster Chocolate-Toffee Cookies
\fs76 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\sa100\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs46 \cf2 Makes: 4 servings\

\fs44 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs64 \cf2 Ingredients\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs56 \cf3 1/2
\b0    cup butter, softened\
\

\b 1/2 
\b0   cup shortening\
\

\b 1
\b0    cup packed brown sugar\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\qr

\b \cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural
\cf3 1/2
\b0    cup granulated sugar\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\qr

\b \cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural
\cf3 1/2
\b0    teaspoon baking soda\
\

\b 1/2
\b0    teaspoon salt\
\

\b 2
\b0    eggs\
\

\b 1
\b0    teaspoon vanilla\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\qr

\b \cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural
\cf3 2  3/4
\b0    cups all-purpose flour\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\qr

\b \cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural
\cf3 2
\b0    cups M and M candies\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\qr

\b \cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural
\cf3 1
\b0    cup toffee pieces\
\

\b 2/3
\b0    cup pecans, coarsely chopped\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\fs64 \cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural

\f0\b \cf2 Directions\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl360\sa200\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs58 \cf3 		Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. In a large bowl combine butter and shortening. Beat with an electric mixer on medium to high speed for 30 seconds. Add brown sugar, granulated sugar, baking soda, and salt. Beat until combined, scraping side of bowl occasionally. Beat in eggs and vanilla until combined. Beat in as much of the flour as you can with the mixer. Stir in any remaining flour. Stir in chocolate pieces, toffee pieces, and pecans.
\b \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0 		Drop dough by a cookie scoop or 1/4-cup measure 4 inches apart onto ungreased cookie sheets.
\b \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0 		Bake in the preheated oven for 10 to 12 minutes or until edges are light brown. Cool on cookie sheets for 2 minutes. Transfer to a wire rack; cool completely.
\b \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs64 \cf2 From the Test Kitchen\
TO STORE:\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs58 \cf3 Layer cookies between sheets of waxed paper in an airtight container; cover. Store at room temperature for up to 3 days or freeze for up to 3 months.
\f0\b\fs64 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural
\cf2 \
}