{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs60 \cf0 OATMEAL CHOCOLATE CHIPS COOKIES WITH RAISINS
\f1\b0\fs56 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f0\i\fs50 \cf0 makes:  18 cookies
\fs52  
\f1\i0\fs54 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f0 \cf0  INGREDIENTS
\f1\fs56 \

\f0\fs54 1/2 cup (1 stick) unsalted butter, room temperature
\f1\fs56 \

\f0\fs54 1/2 cup brown sugar
\f1\fs56 \

\f0\fs54 1/2 cup white sugar
\f1\fs56 \

\f0\fs54 1/2 tsp salt
\f1\fs56 \

\f0\fs54 1/2 tsp cinnamon
\f1\fs56 \

\f0\fs54 2 eggs, room temperature
\f1\fs56 \

\f0\fs54 1 tsp vanilla
\f1\fs56 \

\f0\fs54 1 1/4 cup all purpose flour, sifted
\f1\fs56 \

\f0\fs54 1 tsp baking soda
\f1\fs56 \

\f0\fs54 1/2 cup rolled oats
\f1\fs56 \

\f0\fs54 1/2 cup quick oats
\f1\fs56 \

\f0\fs54 1/2 cup chocolate chips
\f1\fs56 \

\f0\fs54 1/2 cup raisins
\f1\fs56 \
\

\f0\fs54 Preheat the oven to 350\'baF. Grease a cookie sheet and set to the side.
\f1\fs56 \

\f0\fs54 In a bowl, sift the flour and baking soda. Mix in the oats. Set to the side.
\f1\fs56 \

\f0\fs54 Place the butter, brown and white sugar, salt, and cinnamon in the mixing bowl. With the paddle attachment, cream the ingredients at low speed into a smooth paste.
\f1\fs56 \

\f0\fs54 Add the eggs and vanilla, and blend on low speed until combined.
\f1\fs56 \

\f0\fs54 Add the flour mixture to batter, and mix until just combined. Do not overmix, or gluten will develop.
\f1\fs56 \

\f0\fs54 Add the chocolate chips and raisins and combine.
\f1\fs56 \

\f0\fs54 Place 18 heaping 2 tbsp scoops of dough onto the baking sheet, each 2 inches apart.
\f1\fs56 \

\f0\fs54 Place the baking sheet into the oven and bake at 350\'baF for 12 minutes, or until golden brown. Once they are done, remove from the oven and let cool for 5 minutes Transfer to a wire rack to finish cooling.
\f1\fs56 \

\f0\fs54 Store in an airtight container for up to a week.
\f1\fs56 \
}