{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red34\green34\blue34;\red94\green90\blue87;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11860\viewh18320\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl740\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs52 \cf2 Orange Lace Cookies
\f1\b\fs22 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl220\ql\qnatural

\fs28 \cf2 Yield 
\b0 \cf3 Makes about 3 dozen\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl220\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs40 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl460\sa200\ql\qnatural

\fs46 \cf2 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\sa120\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\fs30 \cf3 		
\fs38 1/4 cup light corn syrup\
		1/4 cup packed light-brown sugar\
		1/4 cup unsalted butter\
		1 tablespoon Cointreau\
		1/2 cup plus 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour\
		1 tablespoon orange zest, finely chopped (about 1 orange)\
		1/8 teaspoon fine salt
\fs30 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\fs46 \cf2 Directions\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\sa240\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\fs30 \cf3 {\listtext	.	}
\fs38 Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Place a Silpat (a nonstick baking mat), or parchment paper, on a baking sheet; set aside. Combine corn syrup, sugar, butter, and Cointreau in a small saucepan set over low heat; stir until butter melts. Remove from heat. Add flour, orange zest, and salt; stir until combined.\
{\listtext	.	}Drop heaping teaspoons of batter onto prepared baking sheet, about 2 1/2 inches apart. Place sheet in oven; bake until cookies spread out, bubble, and turn golden brown, about 14 minutes. Remove from oven, and let stand until cookies firm slightly, about 4 minutes. Using a spatula, remove cookies from sheet; place on a wire rack, and let cool until crisp. Repeat until all batter has been used, stirring batter in between batches. Cool cookies completely. Cookies can be stored in an airtight container up to 2 days.\
\
}