{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red103\green85\blue67;\red85\green85\blue85;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13100\viewh14280\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf2 Imitation OREO\'ae Cookies\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs46 \cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
\cf3 \ul \ulc3 Ingredients\ulnone :\uc0\u8232 1-1/4 cups flour\u8232 1 teaspoon baking powder\u8232 1/2 teaspoon salt\u8232 2/3 cup dutch-process cocoa*\u8232 1/2 cup (1 stick) unsalted butter, cubed and room temp\u8232 1/2 cup white sugar\u8232 1/2 cup dark brown sugar\u8232 1-1/2 teaspoons vanilla\u8232 1/3 cup milk\u8232 1-1/2 cups chopped white chocolate (a 4-oz. Ghiradelli bar yielded 1.5 cups for me)\
*Substituting with natural unprocessed cocoa is not recommended. The Oreo-like flavor comes from the richer dutch-processed cocoa. I used Hershey Special Dark blend of dutch-processed and natural because I cannot find pure dutch-processed in these parts for the life of me!\
\ul Directions\ulnone :\uc0\u8232 Preheat oven to 325 degrees F and line baking sheets with silicone baking mat or parchment paper.\
Whisk together flour, salt, baking powder and cocoa, and set aside. Beat the butter on medium-high until light and add sugars, creaming well. Add the vanilla and beat until smooth. Add the flour mixture in 2 batches, alternately with the milk in one batch, mixing well. Using a spatula, mix in the white chocolate. Chill dough for 15 minutes.\
Scoop the dough onto a parchment- or silpat-lined cookie sheet, press down on them slightly, and bake 12-16 minutes. Let the cookies cool completely on the cookie sheet and store in an air-tight container.\
}