{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red85\green85\blue85;\red252\green214\blue224;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww18020\viewh19380\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\li100\ri820\sl300\sa100\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf2 \cb3 Peanut Butter Cookies
\b0 \
Yield: 3 dozen\
\pard\pardeftab720\li100\ri-6580\sl300\sa100\ql\qnatural
\cf2 1\'be all-purpose flour\uc0\u8232 \'be teaspoon salt\u8232 \'be teaspoon baking soda\u8232 \'be cup creamy peanut butter\u8232 \'bd cup vegetable shortening\u8232 1\'bc cups packed light brown sugar\u8232 3 tablespoons milk\u8232 1 tablespoon vanilla\u8232 1 egg\u8232 Granulated sugar, for rolling cookies\
1. Preheat oven to 375\'b0. Line baking sheets with parchment or a silicone baking mat.\
2. Combine the flour, salt and baking soda in a small bowl and set aside.\
3. Combine the peanut butter, shortening, brown sugar, milk and vanilla in a mixing bowl. Beat at medium speed until well blended. Add the egg and beat just until blended. Reduce speed to low and add to the creamed mixture gradually, mixing just until combined.\
4. Put the granulated sugar in a small bowl. Scoop a tablespoonful of dough and roll into a ball between the palms of your hands. Roll the dough into the sugar and place on the baking sheet, about 2 inches apart. Dip the tines of a fork into the sugar and make a crisscross patern on the cookies, flattening them slightly.\
5. Bake for 7 to 8 minutes or until set and just beginning to brown. Cool 2 minutes on baking sheet before removing to a cooling rack.\
\ul \ulc2 Storing\ulnone : Store these cookies in an airtight container for about a week. You can also freeze these cookies in a freezer bag for approximately 3 months and thaw when you are ready to eat them.}