{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red84\green84\blue84;\red51\green51\blue51;\red93\green93\blue93;
}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15340\viewh17380\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl520\sa80\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs64 \cf0 Peanut Butter Crispy Bars\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\fs38 \cf2 Yield:  \cf0 9 squares\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\ql\qnatural

\fs42 \cf0 INGREDIENTS\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs48 \cf0 Crispy Crust Layer
\b0 \
{\listtext	\'95	}1 3/4 cups crisped rice cereal\
{\listtext	\'95	}Nonstick cooking spray\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 tablespoons light corn syrup\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted\
\ls1\ilvl0
\b Milk Chocolate Peanut Butter Layer\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\b0 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}5 ounces good-quality milk chocolate, coarsely chopped\
		({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.americastestkitchen.com/product/index.php?docid=27262&parentId=27268&TB_iframe=true"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1\b\fs44 Green & Black\'92s Organic Milk Chocolate}}
\f1\b\fs44 )\
\ls2\ilvl0
\f0\b0\fs48 		({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.americastestkitchen.com/product/index.php?docid=27263&parentId=27268&TB_iframe=true"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1\b\fs44 Lindt Classic Recipe Milk Chocolate}}
\f1\b\fs44 )
\f0\b0\fs48 \
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup creamy peanut butter\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\b \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}Chocolate Icing
\b0 \
{\listtext	\'95	}3 ounces dark chocolate (60 to 72 percent cacao), coarsely chopped\
		(
\f2\fs46 \cf3 Callebaut
\f0\fs22 \cf4  
\f2\fs46 \cf3 Intense Dark Chocolate L-60-40NV)
\f0\fs48 \cf0 \
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon light corn syrup\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 tablespoons (1/2 stick) unsalted butter\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\ql\qnatural

\b\fs42 \cf0 DIRECTIONS\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa160\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs48 \cf3 For the crispy crust layer: Put the cereal in a large bowl and set aside. Lightly spray a paper towel with nonstick cooking spray and use it to rub the bottom and sides of an 8-inch-square baking pan. \uc0\u8232 Into a small saucepan, pour 1/4 cup water. Gently add the sugar and corn syrup (do not let any sugar or syrup get on the sides of the pan) and use a small wooden spoon to stir the mixture until just combined. Put a candy thermometer in the saucepan. Cook over medium-high heat and bring to a boil. Cook until the mixture reaches the soft-ball stage, 235 degrees F. Remove from the heat, stir in the butter and pour the mixture over the cereal. Working quickly, stir until the cereal is thoroughly coated, and then pour it into the prepared pan. Using your hands, press the mixture into the bottom of the pan (do not press up the sides). Let the crust cool to room temperature while you make the next layer. \u8232 For the milk chocolate peanut butter layer: In a large glass bowl, stir together the chocolate and the peanut butter. Set the bowl over a saucepan of simmering water and cook, stirring with a rubber spatula, until the mixture is smooth. Remove the bowl from the pan and stir for about 30 seconds to cool slightly. Pour the mixture over the cooled crispy crust layer. Put the pan in the refrigerator until the top layer hardens, about an hour. \u8232 For the chocolate icing: In a large glass bowl, combine the chocolate, corn syrup and butter. Set the bowl over a saucepan of simmering water and cook, stirring with a rubber spatula, until the mixture is completely smooth. Remove the bowl from the pan and stir for 30 seconds to cool slightly. Pour the mixture over the chilled milk chocolate peanut butter layer and spread into an even layer. Put the pan in the refrigerator until the topping hardens, about an hour. \u8232 Cut into 9 squares and serve. The bars can be stored in the refrigerator, covered tightly, for up to 4 days. \u8232 }