{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red62\green62\blue62;\red51\green51\blue51;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12760\viewh16380\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl520\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs86 \cf2 Peanut Blossom\'a0Cookies
\f1\fs50 \cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa360\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf3 Yield:  48 cookies
\b\fs62 \

\fs68 Ingredients
\fs62 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl360\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0 \cf3 {\listtext	\'95	}8 oz. pkg. milk chocolate kisses\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup butter, softened\
{\listtext	\'95	}3/4 cup peanut butter\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/3 cup sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup light brown sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 egg\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 Tbsp. milk\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tsp. vanilla\
{\listtext	\'95	}1-1/4 cups flour\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tsp. baking soda\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 tsp. salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}more granulated sugar\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa360\ql\qnatural

\b\fs68 \cf3 Preparation
\fs62 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf3 Remove wrappers from chocolate. Beat butter and peanut butter in large bowl until well blended. Add 1/3 cup sugar and brown sugar; beat until light and fluffy. Add egg, milk and vanilla; beat well. Stir together flour, baking soda and salt; gradually beat into peanut butter mixture. Cover tightly and chill for 4-8 hours in fridge.\
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Shape dough into 1-inch balls. Roll in granulated sugar; place on ungreased cookie sheet. Bake 8 to 10 minutes or until lightly browned. Immediately press a chocolate piece into center of each cookie; cookie will crack slightly around edges. Let stand on cookie sheets for 3-4 minutes, then remove from cookie sheet to wire rack. Cool completely. Makes about 48 cookies\
To freeze, shape dough into balls but do not roll in sugar. Place on waxed paper lined cookie sheets and freeze until firm. Pack into hard sided freezer containers; label, and freeze up to 3 months. To bake, roll frozen dough into sugar, then bake as directed, adding 3-6 minutes to the baking time.\
}