{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13020\viewh13160\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Peanut Butter and Chocolate Cookie Sandwiches\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs32 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 15 sandwiches\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}One 17.5-ounce package sugar cookie mix\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons unsweetened cocoa powder, plus more for dusting\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup (8 tablespoons) butter, softened\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 large egg\
{\listtext	\'95	}Chocolate Peanut Butter Filling, recipe follows\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line baking sheets with parchment paper.\
In a large bowl, combine the cookie mix and cocoa powder. Add the butter and egg, stirring until combined. Roll the dough into 1 1/2-inch balls. (You should have about 30.) Place on the lined baking sheets and flatten slightly. Bake until the edges of the cookies are crisp, 9 to 11 minutes. Let cool on the baking sheets for 2 minutes. Remove the cookies from the sheets and cool completely on wire racks.\
Spread about 1 teaspoon Chocolate Peanut Butter Filling over the flat side of half the cookies. Cover with the remaining cookies, flat side down. If using bananas, serve immediately.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Chocolate Peanut Butter Filling:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}5 ounces semisweet chocolate, chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup creamy peanut butter\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup heavy whipping cream\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 In a small saucepan, combine the chocolate, peanut butter and heavy cream. Cook over low heat, stirring frequently, until the chocolate is melted and smooth. Let cool for 15 minutes. Yield: 1 cup\
}