{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs56 \cf0 Raspberry Crumble Bars I
\f1\b0\fs40 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Serves:  9 to 12 bars\

\fs38 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs50 \cf0 Ingredients
\f1\b0\fs48 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural
\cf0 1/2 pound (2 sticks) unsalted butter, at room temperature\
3/4 cup sugar\
1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract\
2-1/3 cups all-purpose flour\
1/2 teaspoon kosher salt\
10 to 12 ounces good raspberry jam, such as Hero\
2/3 cup good granola without dried fruit\
1/4 cup sliced almonds\
Confectioners' sugar, for sprinkling\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs50 \cf0 Directions
\f1\b0\fs48 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Preheat the oven to 350 degrees.\
Place the butter and sugar in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment and mix on medium speed just until combined. With the mixer on low, add the vanilla.\
Sift the flour and salt together and, with the mixer on low, slowly add to the butter mixture, mixing until it almost comes together in a ball. Turn the dough out on a board. Lightly pat two-thirds of the dough evenly on the bottom of a 9-inch square baking pan and about 1/4-inch up the sides. Spread with the jam, leaving a 1/4-inch border. Mix the granola into the remaining dough with your hands. Break the dough into small bits and distribute it on top of the jam, covering most of the surface. Sprinkle the almonds on top. Bake the bars for 45 minutes, until lightly browned.\
Cool completely and cut into 9 or 12 bars. Sprinkle lightly with confectioners' sugar.\
\
}