{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green67\blue120;\red51\green51\blue51;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13480\viewh18140\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl520\sa160\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs48 \cf0 Rich, Delicious Chocolate Cookies
\b\fs30 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa300\ql\qnatural

\fs40 \cf0 Time:
\b0  30 minutes\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\ql\qnatural
\cf0 1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour\
2 tablespoons sifted Dutch-processed cocoa powder\
1/2 teaspoon baking powder\
1/4 teaspoon baking soda\
1/2 teaspoon salt\
8 tablespoons unsalted butter, slightly softened\
1 cup superfine sugar\
1 large egg\
1 teaspoon vanilla extract\
1 teaspoon instant espresso powder, dissolved in 1/2 teaspoon boiling water\
3 ounces unsweetened {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://topics.nytimes.com/top/reference/timestopics/subjects/c/chocolate/index.html?inline=nyt-classifier"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 chocolate}}, melted in a double boiler or a microwave\
Royal icing, for decorating.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa300\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \

\b 1. 
\b0 Sift together the flour, cocoa powder, baking powder, baking soda and salt. In the large bowl of a standing mixer, beat the butter on medium speed until creamy and light in color, about 3 minutes. Add the sugar in a steady stream, continuing to beat for 2 minutes. Add the egg, vanilla and espresso mixture. Continue beating, scraping down the sides of the bowl as needed, then mix in the melted chocolate.\

\b 2. 
\b0 Reduce the speed to low. Add the dry ingredients in two batches, mixing just enough to combine after each addition. Divide the dough in two and form into two flattened disks. Wrap in plastic and refrigerate at least 2 hours.\

\b 3. 
\b0 Heat the oven to 350 degrees. Line two cookie sheets with parchment paper or silicone mats. Roll out the chilled dough between two sheets of parchment or wax paper until it is 3/16-inch thick. Cut into shapes, using cookie cutters of different sizes, or round ones, to use as much dough as possible. (The dough will not be as good if it is rolled out a second time.) Transfer {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://topics.nytimes.com/top/reference/timestopics/subjects/c/cookies/recipes/index.html?inline=nyt-classifier"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 cookies}} to baking sheets, 1/2 inch apart.\

\b 4.
\b0  Bake for 9 to 11 minutes, rotating the sheets once to ensure even baking, or until cookies look set on top and have a slight sheen. Remove from oven and wait 2 minutes before transferring the cookies to wire racks to cool. Frost with royal icing, if desired.\

\b Yield
\b0 : More than 2 dozen cookies.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs30 \cf3 \
}