{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs72 \cf0 Rugelach
\fs66 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs46 \cf2 Serves:
\b   
\b0 \cf0 4 dozen\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs60 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs58 \cf0 8 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature\
1/2-pound unsalted butter, at room temperature\
1/4 cup granulated sugar plus 9 tablespoons\
1/4 teaspoon kosher salt\
1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract\
2 cups all-purpose flour\
1/4 cup light brown sugar, packed\
1 1/2 teaspoons ground cinnamon\
3/4 cup raisins\
1 cup walnuts, finely chopped\
1/2 cup apricot preserves, pureed in a food processor\
1 egg beaten with 1 tablespoon milk, for egg wash\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs60 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs58 \cf0 Cream the cheese and butter in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment until light. Add 1/4 cup granulated sugar, the salt, and vanilla. With the mixer on low speed, add the flour and mix until just combined. Dump the dough out onto a well-floured board and roll it into a ball. Cut the ball in quarters, wrap each piece in plastic, and refrigerate for 1 hour.\
To make the filling, combine 6 tablespoons of granulated sugar, the brown sugar, 1/2 teaspoon cinnamon, the raisins, and walnuts.\
On a well-floured board, roll each ball of dough into a 9-inch circle. Spread the dough with 2 tablespoons apricot preserves and sprinkle with 1/2 cup of the filling. Press the filling lightly into the dough. Cut the circle into 12 equal wedges--cutting the whole circle in quarters, then each quarter into thirds. Starting with the wide edge, roll up each wedge. Place the cookies, points tucked under, on a baking sheet lined with parchment paper. Chill for 30 minutes.\
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.\
Brush each cookie with the egg wash. Combine 3 tablespoons granulated sugar and 1 teaspoon cinnamon and sprinkle on the cookies. Bake for 15 to 20 minutes, until lightly browned. Remove to a wire rack and let cool.\
\
\
\
}