{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red84\green84\blue84;\red51\green51\blue51;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl520\sa80\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs66 \cf0 Salted Caramel Almond Thumbprint Cookies
\fs40 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural
\cf2 Yield:  \cf0 30 cookies\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\ql\qnatural

\fs52 \cf0 INGREDIENTS\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0\fs48 \cf0 Cookies:\
{\listtext	\'95	}2/3 cup unsalted butter, softened\
{\listtext	\'95	}2/3 cup granulated sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup almond meal\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 egg, lightly beaten\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon almond extract\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 cups cake flour, sifted\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon baking powder\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 egg whites, lightly beaten\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup sliced almonds, crushed\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 Caramel:\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup granulated sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup light brown sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup light corn syrup\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into small cubes\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons heavy cream\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon evaporated milk\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon vanilla extract\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon sea salt flakes\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\ql\qnatural

\b\fs52 \cf0 DIRECTIONS\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa160\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs48 \cf3 For the cookies: \uc0\u8232 Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. \u8232 \u8232 In a stand mixer or with a hand mixer, with a paddle attachment on medium speed, cream together the butter and sugar until light and fluffy, about 3 minutes. \u8232 \u8232 With the speed on low, add the almond meal followed by the lightly beaten egg and almond extract. \u8232 \u8232 Scrape the sides of the bowl and add the flour and baking powder. \u8232 \u8232 Mix together, with a wooden spoon until fully incorporated. Do not overmix the dough. \u8232 Roll 1-inch balls of dough and place on a parchment-lined baking sheet until all of the shortbread dough has been used. \u8232 \u8232 Gently coat each ball in the egg white and then roll the balls in the crushed almonds. \u8232 Divide the balls between 2 parchment-lined baking sheet, about 15 per sheet. Using your thumb, gently press down into the center of each ball, creating a "thumbprint" in the cookie dough. \u8232 Place the baking sheets into a refrigerator and allow the cookie balls to chill for about 30 minutes \u8232 \
Remove the baking sheet from the refrigerator, place it in the oven and bake for 16 to 20 minutes or until the tops of the cookies just begin to brown. \uc0\u8232 \u8232 Remove from the oven and allow the cookies to cool. \u8232 \u8232 For the caramel: While the cookies cool, begin making the caramel by combining the granulated sugar, brown sugar, and corn syrup in a medium sauce pan. Bring the mixture to a boil on medium-high heat. \u8232 \u8232 Once the mixture reaches 240 degrees F on a candy thermometer remove from the heat and whisk in the butter, cream, and evaporated milk until fully incorporated. \u8232 Cook's Note: Be careful, the mixture will begin to bubble violently. \u8232 \u8232 Stir in the vanilla and allow the hot caramel to cool slightly, about 15 minutes. \u8232 \u8232 Place 1 to 2 teaspoons of the warm caramel into each thumbprint (depending on the size of the thumbprint indentation) on each cookie. \u8232 \u8232 Once all of the cookies have been filled, allow the caramel to set, about 1 hour. \u8232 Sprinkle the tops of each cookie with the sea salt flakes and serve or store in an airtight container.\
}