{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red68\green68\blue68;\red61\green61\blue61;\red6\green124\blue174;
}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17240\viewh21280\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl460\sa120\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs42 \cf2 \

\b\fs54 Scandinavian Ginger Cookies
\fs42 \
\

\b0\fs50 Ingredients
\fs42 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa160\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs38 \cf2 7 oz. butter\uc0\u8232 3/4 cup sugar syrup\u8232 3/4 cup sugar\u8232 1\'962 tsp. ground cinnamon\u8232 1\'962 tsp. ground cloves\u8232 1\'962 tsp. ground ginger\u8232 grated zest of 1 orange\u8232 2 eggs\u8232 1 lb. 2 oz. flour\u8232 3 tsp. baking powder\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\ql\qnatural

\b \cf2 For the icing:
\b0 \uc0\u8232 Use confectioners\'92 sugar mixed with a little warm water to make a paste. Spoon the icing into a small recycled plastic bag with one small corner cut off, squeeze the icing out gently and write names or initials on the cooled cookies.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl460\sa120\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs54 \cf2 \
Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa160\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs38 \cf2 1. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Put the butter, syrup, sugar, spices and orange zest into a saucepan. Bring the mixture to the boil briefly, and then allow to cool.\
2. Beat the eggs into the cooled mixture, one at a time, and mix thoroughly. Then sift the flour and baking powder into a large bowl.\
3. Add the wet mix to the flour, a little at a time, combine into a dough, wrap tightly in eco-friendly plastic wrap and refrigerate overnight.\
4. Take off the plastic wrap, roll out the dough 1/8-inch deep, cut into shapes, place on a greased baking tray and bake in the oven for 5-8 minutes. These quantities will make about 16 cookies.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri1000\sl500\sa80\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf3 Simple Sugar Syrup\

\f1\b0\fs38 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf3 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl420\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs38 \cf3 {\listtext	\'95	}1 cup water\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sugar/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 sugar}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf3 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa180\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs38 \cf3 Bring water and sugar to a boil and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/boil/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 boil}} until sugar is dissolved. Cool to room temperature and transfer to a jar. Store in a cool pantry or refrigerate.
\fs40 \
}