{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red100\green82\blue68;\red128\green110\blue60;\red0\green129\blue0;
\red217\green195\blue156;\red246\green247\blue239;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww18120\viewh21320\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs28 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\sa200\ql\qnatural

\fs48 \cf2 Season's Best Sugar Cookies
\fs28 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\fs38 \cf2 \

\fs42 INGREDIENTS\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\fs38 \cf3 Cookies\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf3 1 1/2 cups powdered sugar\
1 cup butter or margarine, softened\
1 teaspoon vanilla\
1/2 teaspoon almond extract\
1 egg\
2 1/2 cups all-purpose flour\
1 teaspoon 
\b \cf4 baking
\b0 \cf3  soda\
1 teaspoon cream of tartar\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b \cf3 \
White Glaze\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf3 2 cups powdered sugar\
2 tablespoons 
\b \cf4 milk
\b0 \cf3 \
1/4 teaspoon almond extract\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b \cf3 \
Sprinkles
\b0 \
Red edible glitter or red sugar\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\fs16 \cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\fs38 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b\fs42 \cf2 DIRECTIONS\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs46 \cf5 \cb6 		
\b0\fs38 \cf3 \cb1 In large bowl, beat 1 1/2 cups powdered sugar and the butter with electric mixer on medium speed,          or mix with spoon. Stir in vanilla, 1/2 teaspoon almond extract and the egg. Stir in flour, baking soda and cream of tartar. Cover and refrigerate about 2 hours or until firm.\
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs46 \cf5 \cb6 		\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs38 \cf3 \cb1 Heat oven to 375\'b0F. On lightly floured cloth-covered surface, roll half of dough at a time 1/8 inch thick. Cut into desired shapes. On ungreased cookie sheets, place 2 inches apart. \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs46 \cf5 \cb6 		\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs38 \cf3 \cb1 Bake 7 to 8 minutes or until light brown. Remove from cookie sheet to cooling rack. Cool completely.\
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs46 \cf5 \cb6 		\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs38 \cf3 \cb1 Mix glaze ingredients until smooth and desired spreading consistency, adding a few extra drops milk if needed. Spread glaze over cookies. Sprinkle with sugars.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
\cf3        When you're making cutout cookies, always work with well-chilled dough. Cold dough rolls out                   smoothly, with less sticking. The cookies are easy to cut, remove, and transfer to baking sheets, and they hold their shape in the oven.\
       To purchase edible glitter, go to sweetc.com and search for edible glitter.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
\cf2 \
}