{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red211\green0\blue0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww20500\viewh21320\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl680\sa400\ql\qnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.christinacooks.com/_blog/Today's_Recipe/post/Sesame_Cookies/"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\b\fs56 \cf2 Sesame Cookies}}
\f0\fs36 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa400\ql\qnatural
\cf0 2 cups whole wheat pastry flour
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 generous pinch sea salt
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 1 teaspoon baking powder
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 scant pinch cinnamon
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 1/4 cup unsweetened, shredded coconut
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 1/4 cup avocado oil
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 1/3 cup brown rice syrup or honey
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 Almond, rice or soymilk
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 about 1 cup tan sesame seeds\
Preheat oven to 350o and line a baking sheet with parchment.\
Whisk together flour, salt, baking powder and cinnamon.\'a0 Mix in coconut, oil, rice syrup and vanilla.\'a0 Slowly add \'91milk\'92 to create a soft, moldable dough.\'a0 Do not overmix. \'a0\
With moist hands, roll the dough into 1-inch spheres.\'a0 Place sesame seeds in a small bowl.\'a0 Roll each cookie in seeds, covering completely.\'a0 Arrange on baking sheet about an inch apart.\'a0 Bake until cookies are firm to the touch, 18-21 minutes.\'a0 Remove from oven and allow to stand, undisturbed, on the baking sheet for about 5 minutes.\'a0 Transfer to a wire rack to cool completely.\'a0 They will turn crisp as they cool.\'a0 Makes 18-24 cookies. \'a0
\fs26 \
christinacooks.com}