{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red84\green84\blue84;\red51\green51\blue51;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl520\sa80\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs70 \cf0 Sesame Cashew Bar
\fs64 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\fs38 \cf2 Yield:  \cf0 1 (9 by 13-inch) pan\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\ql\qnatural

\fs56 \cf0 INGREDIENTS\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs52 \cf0 Crust:
\b0 \
{\listtext	\'95	}2 cups, plus 1 tablespoon all-purpose flour\
{\listtext	\'95	}2/3 cup light brown sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 3/4 sticks unsalted butter, chilled and cut into cubes\
\ls1\ilvl0
\b Filling:
\b0 \
{\listtext	\'95	}3 1/2 cups salted cashews, chopped\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons sesame seeds\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 teaspoon salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}5 tablespoons heavy cream\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 sticks unsalted butter\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 cups, plus 2 tablespoons light brown sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup honey\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\ql\qnatural

\b\fs56 \cf0 DIRECTIONS\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa160\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs52 \cf3 Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Line a 9 by 13-inch baking pan with foil; lightly butter the foil or spray with cooking spray. \uc0\u8232 For the crust: Combine the flour, sugar, salt, and butter in the bowl of a food processor; process 20 to 30 seconds or until butter is in small pieces. Press crust into pan in an even layer; refrigerate for 30 minutes. Bake until evenly browned, about 25 minutes. \u8232 For the filling: Combine cashews, sesame seeds, salt, and heavy cream in a bowl. Melt the butter in a medium saucepan over medium-high heat; stir in the granulated sugar, light brown sugar, and honey. Cook, whisking constantly, until the sugar is dissolved; cook until caramel starts to thicken and forms large bubbles, 2 to 3 minutes. Remove from heat; stir in cashew mixture. \u8232 Pour caramel on top of crust. Bake until caramel bubbles along the edges of pan (but still liquid in the center), 25 to 28 minutes. Transfer bars to a wire rack to cool completely; use foil overhang to lift out of pan. Cut into 1 1/2-inch squares. \u8232 \u8232 }