{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13640\viewh11340\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs56 \cf0 SNICKERDOODLE II
\b0\fs52 \

\fs42 Makes:  30 cookies
\f1\fs54 \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f0\i\b\fs52 \cf0 \ul \ulc0 Ingredients
\f1\i0\b0\fs54 \ulnone \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs52 \cf0 3/4 cup granulated sugar
\f1\fs54 \

\f0\fs52 1 cup brown sugar
\f1\fs54 \

\f0\fs52 3/4 cup unsalted butter room temperature
\f1\fs54 \

\f0\fs52 2 large eggs
\f1\fs54 \

\f0\fs52 2 tsp vanilla extract
\f1\fs54 \

\f0\fs52 1/4 tsp kosher salt
\f1\fs54 \

\f0\fs52 2 1/4 cup all purpose flour
\f1\fs54 \

\f0\fs52 2 tsp cream of tartar
\f1\fs54 \

\f0\fs52 1 tsp baking soda
\f1\fs54 \

\f0\fs52 1 tbsp corn starch
\f1\fs54 \

\f0\fs52 1/4 cup whit granulated sugar
\f1\fs54 \

\f0\fs52 1 tbsp cinnamon
\f1\fs54 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f0\i\b\fs52 \cf0 \ul Directions
\f1\i0\b0\fs54 \ulnone \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs52 \cf0 In a large bowl cream the butter and sugars with a handmixer, until light and fluffy, approximately 8 minutes.
\f1\fs54 \
\

\f0\fs52 Add the eggs, vanilla, and salt. Mix all the ingredients until combined
\f1\fs54 \
\

\f0\fs52 In a separate bowl, sift the flour, cream of tartar, baking soda, and corn starch. 
\f1\fs54 \
\

\f0\fs52 Add the flour mixture to the butter and sugar. Gently combine.
\f1\fs54 \
\

\f0\fs52 Place the dough in the freezer for one hour. 
\f1\fs54 \
\

\f0\fs52 Preheat the oven to 350 F.
\f1\fs54 \
\

\f0\fs52 In a small bowl, mix 1/4 sugar and 1 tbsp cinnamon. Remove the dough from the fridge. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper. Roll the dough into tiny balls the size of a quarter. Roll the dough in the cinnamon sugar ensuring to evenly coat the cookies. \'a0Place each cookies on a baking sheet 2 inches apart. The dough will expand while baking.
\f1\fs54 \
\

\f0\fs52 Bake for 10 - 12 minutes. The cookies should be slightly golden on top when done. Remove the cookies from the baking sheet and let cool on a wire wrack.
\f1\fs54 \
}