{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14760\viewh14480\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs74 \cf0 Soft Ginger Molasses Cookies
\b0\fs50 \
Serves:  18-22 cookies\
\

\b\fs66 Ingredients
\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}2\'bc cups bread flour\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tsp. baking soda\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tsp. ground cinnamon\
{\listtext	\'95	}1\'bd tsp. ground cloves\
{\listtext	\'95	}1\'bd tsp. ground nutmeg\
{\listtext	\'95	}\'bd tsp. ground ginger\
{\listtext	\'95	}\'bc tsp. kosher salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup light brown sugar, lightly packed\
{\listtext	\'95	}\'bc cup plus 1-2 tsp. vegetable oil, divided\
{\listtext	\'95	}
\f1 \uc0\u8531 
\f0  cup molasses\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 egg\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tbsp. water, plus more if needed\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 oz. candied/crystallized ginger, finely chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}\'bd cup granulated sugar, for rolling cookies\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \

\b Instructions
\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 		Preheat oven to 350 degrees.\
		Line two baking sheets with parchment paper.\
		In a large bowl, whisk together the flour, baking soda, cinnamon, ground cloves, nutmeg, ground ginger, and kosher salt.\
		In the bowl of a stand mixer, beat together the brown sugar, oil, and molasses on medium speed until smooth in texture, about 3-5 minutes.\
		Turn the speed to low and add the egg, Beat for an additional minute until well combined. With the mixer still on low, slowly add the flour mixture. Once all the dry ingredients are incorporated, mix on medium speed for an additional minute. At this time, if you find the mixture is too crumbly and needs moisture, add 1 tsp. oil and 1 tbsp. water and mix well. Add an additional tsp. oil and tbsp. water if necessary.\
		Add the candied ginger and mix until well combined.\
		Spread the granulated sugar in a shallow dish and set aside.\
		Using a spoon, scoop a small amount of the dough for each cookie. Using your hands, gently roll each cookie into approximately a 1\'be-inch ball and then slightly flatten with your palm or fingers. You may need to wet your hands with a tiny amount of water to prevent sticking. Once flattened, press each side of the cookie into the granulated sugar in a shallow dish and then place cookie onto baking sheet.\
		Bake 9-13 minutes. The cookies will be cracked on top and soft inside. Don't wait for the cookies to turn golden, as that will overcook them. Remove the cookies from the oven and let stand on baking sheets for 2-3 minutes. Transfer to wire rack to cool completely.\
}