{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14200\viewh13960\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs84 \cf0 Spicy Ginger Snap Cookies
\fs74 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs50 \cf0 Yield:  5 dozen cookies\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\ql\qnatural

\b\fs78 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0\fs66 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}2 1/2 cups all-purpose flour\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 teaspoons baking soda\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon ground ginger, or more to taste\
{\listtext	\'95	}3/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon ground cloves\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon salt\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}8 tablespoons cool unsalted butter, cut into pieces\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup light brown sugar, packed\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup granulated sugar, plus extra for rolling\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/3 cup molasses \
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup egg whites (from about 2 eggs)\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\ql\qnatural

\b\fs78 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs66 \cf0 Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line half sheet pans with parchment paper. 
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 Combine the flour, baking soda, ginger, cinnamon, cloves and salt in a mixing bowl and set aside. 
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 In a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, cream the butter until smooth and fluffy. Add the sugars and mix. Add the molasses and mix. Add the egg whites in two batches, mixing to combine after each addition. Add the dry ingredients in three batches, mixing to combine after each addition. 
\f1\b \uc0\u8232 
\f0\b0 Roll the dough into 3/4-inch balls, and then roll each ball in a little granulated sugar until fully coated. Transfer to the prepared sheet pans, leaving 1-inch of space between the cookies. Bake until golden brown, 8 to 10 minutes. Let cool on wire racks and store in an airtight container. 
\f1\b \uc0\u8232 
\b0 \uc0\u8232 }