{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red84\green84\blue84;\red51\green51\blue51;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16340\viewh21320\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl520\sa80\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs62 \cf0 Spicy Mexican Hot Chocolate Cookies\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\fs36 \cf2 Yield:  \cf0 2 dozen cookies\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\ql\qnatural

\fs46 \cf0 INGREDIENTS\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 stick (4 ounces) unsalted butter\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 ounces good-quality unsweetened chocolate, coarsely chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup packed light brown sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup granulated sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 large eggs\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup all-purpose flour\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup unsweetened cocoa powder\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon ground cinnamon\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon chili powder\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon baking soda\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon kosher salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup semisweet chocolate chips\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\ql\qnatural

\b\fs46 \cf0 DIRECTIONS\
DIRECTIONS\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa160\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs42 \cf3 Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. \uc0\u8232 \u8232 In a heatproof bowl set over simmering water, melt the butter and chocolate together, whisking until glossy and smooth. Alternately, the butter and chocolate can be melted in the microwave (in a microwave-safe bowl) in 25-second increments, whisking between each interval. Cool the chocolate mixture to room temperature. \u8232 \u8232 In the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment (or a hand-held mixer), beat the brown sugar, granulated sugar, vanilla extract and eggs on low speed until well combined. Pour in the cooled chocolate and continue to mix until the ingredients are evenly distributed. \u8232 In a medium bowl sift together the flour, cocoa powder, cinnamon, chili powder, baking soda, salt and cayenne pepper. Add the dry ingredients to the chocolate batter and mix on low speed until just combined and no visible flour remains. Fold in the chocolate chips with a rubber spatula or wooden spoon. \u8232 Working in two batches, scoop 12 balls of dough (preferably using a small ice cream scoop with a spring handle, about 1 1/2 tablespoon size) onto a parchment-lined sheet pan, leaving at least 1 1/2 inches of space between each cookie. Bake the cookies, one pan at a time, for approximately 14 minutes, rotating the pan halfway through cooking time. The cookies should be puffy and still fairly soft when removed from the oven. \u8232 \u8232 Immediately slide the cookies, still on the parchment paper, onto a wire cooling rack. Cool just a bit before serving, 5 to 10 minutes. Cookies can be stored in airtight container for up to three days, but I prefer them on the day they are baked.}