{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12260\viewh12300\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\sa280\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs52 \cf0 Spiced Cardamom Cookies\

\f1\b\fs30 Yield 
\b0\fs32 Makes 108 small stars\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa260\ql\qnatural

\f2\fs50 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sl320\sa120\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl1
\f1\fs42 \cf0 		5 3/4 cups all-purpose flour, plus more for dusting\
		1 teaspoon baking soda\
		1 tablespoon coarse salt\
		1 tablespoon ground cardamom\
		1 teaspoon ground allspice\
		1/4 teaspoon freshly ground pepper\
		1/4 teaspoon ground cloves\
		8 ounces (2 sticks) unsalted butter, cut into pieces and softened\
		1 cup dark-brown sugar\
		1/2 cup granulated sugar\
		1/2 cup dark corn syrup\
		1/4 cup water\
		1/4 cup heavy cream, room temperature\
		1 large egg, room temperature\
		1 1/2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\sa120\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 		\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa260\ql\qnatural

\f2\fs50 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\sa360\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	1.	}Whisk flour, baking soda, salt, cardamom, allspice, pepper, and cloves in a large bowl. Place butter in a mixer bowl. Bring sugars, corn syrup, and water to a boil in a large saucepan, stirring until sugar dissolves. Pour hot sugar mixture over butter, then beat on low speed until combined.\
{\listtext	2.	}Beat cream, egg, and vanilla in a bowl, then add to butter mixture. Beat on medium speed until well combined.\
{\listtext	3.	}Reduce speed to low, and add flour mixture, beating until just incorporated. Divide dough into thirds, and flatten each into a disk. Wrap each disk in plastic, and refrigerate overnight (or freeze for up to 1 month; thaw in the refrigerator).\
{\listtext	4.	}Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Roll out 1 disk between lightly floured parchment to 1/8-inch thickness. Alternatively, the dough can be rolled out to 1/16-inch thickness for a crisper cookie. Place a lightly floured plastic faux-bois mat (available from Chinese Clay Art) on dough, pattern side down. With rolling pin, lightly roll over mat to imprint dough. Carefully remove mat. Transfer dough on parchment to a baking sheet, and refrigerate until firm, about 10 minutes. Repeat with remaining disks.\
{\listtext	5.	}Cut out shapes with holiday cookie cutters. (Alternatively, use tree template: Copy onto card stock, enlarging 200 percent. Cut out, place over dough, and cut along edge with the tip of a paring knife.) Transfer cookies to parchment-lined baking sheets, grouping similar sizes together and spacing them 1 inch apart. Roll out and cut scraps once. Bake cookies, rotating sheets halfway through, until edges are golden brown, 10 to 12 minutes. (If making small cookies, start checking after 8 minutes.) Transfer to wire racks, and let cool. Cookies will keep, covered, for up to 2 weeks.}