{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red51\green51\blue51;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17500\viewh17840\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa360\qc

\f0\b\fs48 \cf2 Spicy, Chewy Molasses Cookies
\b0 \uc0\u8232 1/2 cup butter, softened\u8232 1 cup sugar\u8232 1/4 cup molasses \u8232 2 tbsp honey\u8232 1 large egg\u8232 2 1/3 cups all purpose flour\u8232 2 tsp baking soda\u8232 2 tsp ground ginger\u8232 1 tsp ground cinnamon\u8232 1/2 tsp ground cloves\u8232 1/2 tsp ground cardamom\u8232 1/4 tsp ground black pepper\u8232 1/2 teaspoon salt\u8232 1/2 cup candied ginger, diced\u8232 sugar, for rolling\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa360\ql\qnatural
\cf2 Preheat oven to 350F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper.\uc0\u8232 In a large bowl, cream together butter and sugar until fluffy. Beat in molasses, honey and egg until smooth.\u8232 In a medium bowl, whisk together flour, baking soda, spices and salt. Working by hand, or with a mixer on low speed, stir flour mixture into molasses mixture. Stir in chopped, candied ginger.\u8232 Roll dough into 1-inch balls and roll each ball in extra sugar (use plain sugar, coarse sugar, turbinado sugar, etc.) before placing on baking sheet.\u8232 Bake cookies for 10-12 minutes, until the edges are set but not browned.\u8232 Cool for 5-10 minutes on baking sheet, then transfer to a wire rack to cool completely.\u8232 Store in an airtight container.\
Makes 3 \'96 3 1/2 dozen cookies}