{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red211\green0\blue0;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid4}
{\list\listtemplateid5\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid5}
{\list\listtemplateid6\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid6}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}{\listoverride\listid5\listoverridecount0\ls5}{\listoverride\listid6\listoverridecount0\ls6}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16680\viewh20960\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs48 \cf2 Spiced Springtime Sugar Cookies
\fs22 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural

\fs32 \cf0 Makes 6 dozen \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl220\ql\qnatural

\fs36 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural
\cf0 2 1/3 cups flour\
1 teaspoon baking soda\
1 teaspoon cinnamon\
1/4 teaspoon nutmeg\
1/4 teaspoon salt\
1 1/4 cups granulated sugar\
1 cup (2 sticks) butter, softened\
1 egg\
2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl220\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 Colorful Cookie Glaze:
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
1 cup confectioners' sugar\
3 1/2 teaspoons milk\
1/4 teaspoon pure vanilla extract\
2 teaspoons light corn syrup\
3 to 4 drops assorted food colors\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl220\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural
\cf0 1. Mix flour, baking soda, cinnamon, nutmeg and salt in medium bowl. Set aside. Beat granulated sugar and butter in large bowl with electric mixer on medium speed until light and fluffy. Add egg and 2 teaspoons vanilla; mix well. Gradually beat in flour mixture on low speed until well mixed. Refrigerate 2 hours or overnight until firm. \uc0\u8232 \u8232 2. Preheat oven to 375\'b0F. Roll out dough on lightly floured surface to 1/8-inch thickness. Cut into shapes with favorite cookie cutters. Place on greased baking sheets. \u8232 \u8232 3. Bake 8 to 10 minutes or until lightly browned. Cool on baking sheets 1 minute. Remove to wire racks; cool completely. \u8232 \u8232 4. For the Glaze, mix confectioners' sugar, milk and 1/4 teaspoon vanilla in small bowl until smooth. Stir in corn syrup until glaze is smooth and glossy. (If glaze is too thick, stir in small amount of additional corn syrup.) Stir in 3 to 4 drops food color until evenly distributed and glaze is smooth. Add additional drops of food color until glaze is of desired color. To glaze cookies, hold a cookie by its edge and dip the top into the glaze. (Or spoon the glaze onto cookies using a teaspoon.) Place glazed cookies on wire rack to dry.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl220\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 Test Kitchen Tips:
\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl220\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}Mix 1/4 cup flour and 1/4 cup confectioners' sugar to use for dusting surface.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \'a0\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl220\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}Use glaze soon after preparing. Do not refrigerate glaze, as it will begin to harden.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \'a0\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl220\ql\qnatural
\ls3\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}If you would like more than one color of glaze, divide untinted glaze among separate small bowls. Tint each one a different color by stirring in 1 to 2 drops food color until evenly distributed and glaze is smooth. Add additional drops food color until glaze is of desired color.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \'a0\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl220\ql\qnatural
\ls4\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}To use\'a0contrasting glaze colors to decorate glazed cookies, spoon small amount of contrasting glaze into small resealable plastic bag. Snip off tiny piece of the corner of the plastic bag. Create design by squeezing contrasting glaze onto cookies.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \'a0\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl220\ql\qnatural
\ls5\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}If cookie is decorated with contrasting glaze before glazed cookie is allowed to dry, glaze colors will blend slightly, creating a softer, more muted design.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \'a0\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl220\ql\qnatural
\ls6\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}Allow glaze to dry before storing cookies in airtight containers.}