{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red84\green84\blue84;\red51\green51\blue51;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11640\viewh14820\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl520\sa80\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs68 \cf0 Spiced Ginger Rum Balls\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\fs42 \cf2 Yield:  \cf0 4 dozen\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\ql\qnatural

\fs52 \cf0 INGREDIENTS\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0\fs48 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}Vegetable oil cooking spray\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 sticks unsalted butter, cut into pieces\
{\listtext	\'95	}6 ounces bittersweet chocolate, finely chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 large eggs\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup packed dark brown sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon sea salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 teaspoon roasted ground ginger\
{\listtext	\'95	}3/4 cup unbleached all-purpose flour\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup spiced dark rum\
{\listtext	\'95	}Colored sanding sugar, for rolling\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\ql\qnatural

\b\fs52 \cf0 DIRECTIONS\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa160\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs48 \cf3 Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Coat a rimmed baking sheet or a jelly roll pan with cooking spray. \uc0\u8232 Combine the butter and chocolate in a small metal or glass bowl set over a pan of simmering water. Melt the chocolate, stirring occasionally. \u8232 Whisk the eggs, dark brown sugar, vanilla, salt and ginger in a large bowl. Stir in the melted chocolate and then the flour. Pour the batter into the prepared pan and spread with a spatula. Bake until a toothpick inserted into the middle comes out mostly clean with a few crumbs, about 10 minutes. \u8232 Use a spoon to scoop the brownie into a bowl and beat together with the rum until crumbs start to come together to form a ball. Scoop with a cookie scoop to make 1-inch balls and roll between your hands. Roll in sanding sugar and refrigerate until firm, about 2 hours.\
}