{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs68 \cf0 Sugar Cookies
\f1\b0\fs42 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Serves:  about 5 dozen cookies\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs56 \cf0 Ingredients
\f1\b0\fs54 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural
\cf0 1 large egg\
2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract\
1 cup (2 sticks) unsalted butter, slightly soft\
1/2 cup granulated sugar\
3 tablespoons confectioners' sugar\
1/4 teaspoon fine salt\
2 cups all-purpose flour, plus as needed\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs56 \cf0 For Decorating:
\f1\b0\fs54 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural
\cf0 1 cup confectioners' sugar\
About 1 tablespoon milk\
Food coloring, if desired\
Sprinkles, candies, cored sugar as desired\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs56 \cf0 Directions
\f1\b0\fs54 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Whisk the egg and vanilla in a small bowl and set aside.\
With a hand held mixer in a large bowl, cream the butter until fluffy. Scrape down the sides of the bowl with a rubber spatula, add both sugars, and continue beating until light, 2 to 3 minutes. Scrape the sides of the bowl again, if needed, then add the egg mixture, beating for about 1 minute. Sift the salt with the flour. Reduce the mixer to a low speed and then add the flour mixture, mixing just until blended.\
Turn the dough out of the bowl. Divide the dough in half and place each half between 2 pieces of lightly floured parchment or waxed paper. Use a rolling pin to flatten the dough into a disk about 1/4-inch thick. Slide the dough/parchment sheet onto a flat cookie sheet, or on the back of a rimmed baking sheet. Refrigerate until firm, about 2 hours or overnight.\
Evenly space the racks in the oven and preheat to 325 degrees F. Place 1 disk of the cookie dough on a clean work surface and peel off the top sheet of paper. Cut cookies with a 1 1/2-inch round or a decorative shaped cookie cutter directly on the parchment. Use a spatula to transfer the cookies to a parchment-lined or non-stick baking sheet, spacing them about 1-inch apart. Repeat with other sheet of dough. Any excess dough can be re-rolled, refrigerated, and cut.\
Bake until the edges of the cookies are a light golden, about 15 minutes. Transfer cookies to a rack to cool.\
For decorating: Whisk the confectioners' sugar with just enough milk to make a thick icing. Transfer icing to a small plastic bag. Press the icing into a corner of the bag and snip off the corner with scissors to make a small opening. Gently press the icing onto the cookie to make a simple pattern. Decorate as desired. Set aside for about 1 hour to let the icing harden.\
Store in an airtight container for up to 1 week.\
\

\b Variations:
\b0 \
\
Walnut Orange: Add 3/4 teaspoon grated zest of orange with the sugar, and 2/3 cup finely chopped walnuts with the flour.\
\
Pecan-Cinnamon: Mix 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon with the flour, and add 2/3 cup finely chopped pecans with the flour. Sprinkle the tops of the cookies before baking with a mixture of 2 tablespoons granulated sugar and 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon.\
\
Almond: Reduce the vanilla extract to 1 teaspoon and add 1/2 teaspoon pure almond extract. Add 3/4 cup chopped toasted sliced almonds to the dough with the flour. If desired, for decoration, brush the tops of the unbaked cookies with some egg white and press a few un-toasted almond slices onto the top of each cookie prior to baking.\
\
\
\
}