{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red207\green69\blue76;\red61\green63\blue63;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11380\viewh12780\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs46 \cf2 Good Things for Baking Cookies
\b0\fs42 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
Don't overmix cookie dough or brownie batter once the dry ingredients have been added; doing so would overdevelop the gluten, which could hinder tenderness and result in an unpleasant texture.\
\
Always rotate baking sheets, usually once about halfway through the baking time. Turn the sheets front to back, and, if you have sheets on both the upper and lower racks of the oven, swap their positions. Most ovens have hot and cold spots, so this will ensure that the cookies bake evenly.\
\
When storing cookies, do not combine crisp and soft cookies in the same container, as this will cause the crisp ones to soften a bit. You can restore the crisp texture of cookies that have softened by heating them in a 300-degree oven for about 10 minutes.\
\
It can be difficult to dry every nook and cranny of a cookie cutter after you've washed it, leaving those made of tin or copper more likely to rust or tarnish. Spread just-washed cutters on a clean baking sheet, and place them in the oven (while it's still warm) for several minutes. The heat will evaporate any excess moisture. Remove, and cool thoroughly.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa180\ql\qnatural
\cf0 When you're ready to bake, waiting for cold butter to soften can seem to take forever. Here's how to hurry the process along: Over a mixing bowl, shred the amount of butter you need on a grater. The little pieces will soften faster than a solid stick. In no time, the butter will be bake-worthy.\
\
Try this quick and clean method for separating yolks and whites. Gently crack an egg over a slotted spoon set atop a bowl. The white will flow through the openings, leaving the yolk intact and your hands mess-free.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 For brownies and bar cookies that don't crumble or stick when you remove them from the pan, try this: Butter the baking dish, then place a sheet of parchment, also buttered, inside, allowing about 2 inches to extend beyond two opposite sides. Bake according to the recipe's instructions, and let cool. Pull up on the parchment to lift the dessert from the pan before cutting.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\ql\qnatural

\fs54 \cf0 Baking Substitutions
\fs42 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\ql\qnatural

\b\fs46 \cf3 Flour\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs42 \cf0 Instead of: 1 cup self-rising flour\uc0\u8232 You can use: 1 cup all-purpose flour plus 1 1/2 teaspoons baking powder and 1/8 teaspoon salt\
Instead of: 1 cup cake flour\uc0\u8232 You can use: 1 cup minus 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour\
Instead of: 1 cup whole-wheat flour\uc0\u8232 You can use: 7/8 cup all-purpose flour plus 2 tablespoons wheat germ\

\b\fs46 \cf3 Brown Sugar and Molasses\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs42 \cf0 Instead of: 1 cup light-brown sugar\uc0\u8232 You can use: 1 cup white sugar plus 1 1/2 tablespoons molasses\
Instead of: 1 cup molasses\uc0\u8232 You can use: 3/4 cup dark-brown sugar plus 1/4 cup water\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Many kinds of cookie dough can be frozen raw and baked later. After the cookies are formed, place them on a parchment-lined baking sheet and chill in the freezer until firm, about one hour. Transfer to resealable bags, and freeze for up to a month, until ready to bake. There is no need to thaw the dough; however, you may need to add a few minutes to the baking time.\
\
Some bar cookie recipes call for prebaking the bottom crust. Let the crust cool completely before topping it; otherwise the bottom may become soggy.\
\
If you prefer crisp cookies, try using egg whites in place of some of the whole eggs.\
\
If you prefer crisp cookies, try using egg whites in place of some of the whole eggs.\
\

\fs24 \
\
\
\
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa180\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa180\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
}