{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red211\green0\blue0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14560\viewh16800\viewkind0
\deftab720

\itap1\trowd \taflags0 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trwWidth13240\trftsWidth3 \trmarl900 \trmarr920 \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clmgf \clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clwWidth13200\clftsWidth3 \clmart10 \clmarl10 \clmarb10 \clmarr10 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clmrg \clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clwWidth13200\clftsWidth3 \clmart10 \clmarl10 \clmarb10 \clmarr10 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sa40\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 TOFFEE-CHOCOLATE CANDY
\fs38 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\cell \lastrow\row
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
Ingredients:\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs36 \cf0 6 oz semisweet chocolate, chopped\
6 oz bittersweet chocolate, chopped\
8 oz (1 cup) unsalted butter\
1 cup sugar\
1/4 cup water\
1 tsp light corn syrup\
1/2 tsp kosher salt\
1 tsp vanilla extract\
1/2 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://recipes.epicurean.com/recipe/22821/toffee-chocolate-candy.html#"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cup}} finely chopped toasted pecans
\b\fs38 \
\
Directions:\

\b0\fs36 Combine chocolates and set aside. Set small bowl of water and pastry brush next to stove. In heavy saucepan fitted with candy thermometer, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://recipes.epicurean.com/recipe/22821/toffee-chocolate-candy.html#"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cook}} butter, sugar, water, corn syrup and salt over medium. Stir frequently with wooden spoon till butter melts and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://recipes.epicurean.com/recipe/22821/toffee-chocolate-candy.html#"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 sugar}} dissolves, then stir gently and only occasionally as mixture approaches 300 F and begins to darken. Brush sides of pan down with a little water once in a while to keep sugar from crystallizing.\
\
When mixture reaches 300 F (takes about 18-20 min), remove pan from heat, carefully add vanilla, and stir in. With heatproof spatula, scrape mixture into metal 9x11 pan set on a rack. Tilt pan till {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://recipes.epicurean.com/recipe/22821/toffee-chocolate-candy.html#"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 toffee}} covers bottom evenly. Let cool 2 min. Sprinkle with chopped chocolate and let melt a few min (cover with another baking pan to help it melt). Smooth chocolate with spatula (use narrow offset spatula) and sprinkle on pecans. Let cool completely (3-4 hours), (peel toffee from wax paper), and then break or chop into pieces. ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://recipes.epicurean.com/recipe/22821/toffee-chocolate-candy.html#"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Original recipe}} says to use metal spatula or blunt knife to pry toffee out of (unlined) pan. \
To help chocolate set faster on warm day, refrigerate candy.\
(Suggestion: Line 9x11 sheet pan with waxed paper or parchment paper - Original {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://recipes.epicurean.com/recipe/22821/toffee-chocolate-candy.html#"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 recipe}} doesn't say to do this). \
\
}