{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15680\viewh15640\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Toffee Chocolate Chip Cookies
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\fs42 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs40 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}Heaping 1 1/8 cup all-purpose flour\
{\listtext	\'95	}Heaping 1/2 teaspoon baking soda\
{\listtext	\'95	}Pinch fine sea salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 stick butter, softened\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup granulated sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup packed brown sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 large egg\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 cups semisweet chocolate chips\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup toffee bits\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs42 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs40 \cf0 Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Line baking sheets with parchment.\
In a large bowl, whisk together the flour, baking soda and salt. Cream the butter in the bowl of a stand mixer until it gets lighter in color. Slowly add in the sugars and keep beating until the mixture is light and fluffy. Add your egg and mix until fully incorporated. Stir in the vanilla. Add the flour mixture using the low speed, then mix in the chocolate chips and toffee bits.\
Roll the dough into 1/2-inch balls. Space the cookies about 2 inches apart. Press down on the dough balls to flatten them slightly. Pop in the oven and bake until golden brown, 15 to 17 minutes. Cool on the baking sheets for a couple of minutes, and then let cool completely on wire racks.\
\
}