{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red84\green84\blue84;\red51\green51\blue51;\red0\green101\blue159;
}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl520\sa80\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs66 \cf0 Cauliflower Pickles\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\fs40 \cf2 Yield:  \cf0 3 pint/500 ml jars\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\ql\qnatural

\fs54 \cf0 INGREDIENTS\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0\fs50 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}4 cups cider vinegar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 heaping tablespoon chopped ginger\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon whole cloves\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon coriander seeds\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon cumin seeds\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon fennel seeds\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon fenugreek seeds\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon black mustard seeds\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon smoked paprika\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon whole peppercorns\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}8 green cardamom pods\
{\listtext	\'95	}5 garlic cloves\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 cups cauliflower florets (about half a large cauliflower)\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 cups sliced carrots\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 whole dried red chilies\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 onion, chopped\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\ql\qnatural

\b\fs54 \cf0 DIRECTIONS\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa160\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs50 \cf3 Sterilize 3 pint/500 ml mason jars and their lids (See Cook's Notes.) \uc0\u8232 Place a large pot onto the stove top and add the vinegar, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sugar/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 sugar}}, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/ginger/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 ginger}}, cloves, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/coriander/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 coriander}}, cumin, fennel, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/fenugreek/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 fenugreek}}, mustard seeds, smoked {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/paprika/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 paprika}}, peppercorns, salt, cardamom and garlic. Turn the heat to medium and bring to a boil. Boil until the sugar has dissolved, about 3 minutes. Add the cauliflower, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/carrot/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 carrots}}, chilies and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/onion/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 onion}}, and bring back to a boil. Reduce the heat to medium and let {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/simmer/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 simmer}} for 5 minutes. \uc0\u8232 Carefully spoon the vegetables evenly into the sterilized jars, sliding a chili into each jar, and then top with the hot vinegar. Place the lids firmly in place and leave on a counter top to cool completely. Store the jars in the fridge for up to 1 month. \u8232 Cook's Notes: Properly-handled sterilized equipment will keep canned foods in good condition for years. Sterilizing jars is the first step of preserving foods. \u8232 Jars should be made from glass and free of any {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/chips/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 chips}} or cracks. Preserving or canning jars are topped with a glass, plastic, or metal lid, which has a rubber seal. Two piece lids are best for {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/canning/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 canning}}, as they vacuum seal when processed. \uc0\u8232 To sterilize jars, before filling with jams, pickles, or preserves, wash jars and lids with hot, soapy water. Rinse well and arrange jars and lids open sides up, without touching, on a tray. Boil the jars and lids in a large {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/saucepan/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 saucepan}}, covered with water, for 15 minutes. \uc0\u8232 Use tongs when handling the hot sterilized jars, to move them from boiling water. Be sure the tongs are sterilized too, by dipping the ends in boiling water for a few minutes. \u8232 As a rule, hot preserves go into hot jars and cold preserves go into cold jars. All items used in the process of making {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/jam/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 jams}}, jellies, and preserves must be clean. This includes any towels used, and especially your hands. }