{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red51\green51\blue51;\red102\green102\blue102;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww18540\viewh16460\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs46 \cf2 Ginger-Orange Pickled Beets
\fs30 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa100\ql\qnatural
\cf2 \

\fs32 Ingredients\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa140\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs30 \cf3 6 medium to large fresh beets, trimmed of green tops and taproots\
1 1/2-inch fresh ginger root, sliced very thin (a potato peeler works well)\
3/4 cup unseasoned rice wine vinegar (or white wine vinegar or apple cider vinegar, but not white vinegar)\
1/3 cup sugar\
1/3 cup water\
Salt plus a couple of good grinds of fresh black pepper\
1/2 cup orange juice, or use 2 rounded tablespoons frozen orange juice concentrate\
2 cloves garlic, chopped fine\
1/3 large Walla Walla or other sweet onion, sliced into rings
\b\fs34 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa340\ql\qnatural
\cf2 Directions
\b0 \
Wash beets, removing dirt and rough peel around top and stems. Bring a pot of salted water to a boil. Drop beets in whole and turn the heat down to medium. Let cook for about 25 minutes. Remove beets from water, cool then peel. Slice into rounds about 1/4-inch thick and place into nonreactive pot (glass, stainless steel or enamel-lined, but not aluminum).\
Add remaining ingredients to the beets and bring to a boil. Turn heat down and simmer about 15 minutes until tender. The beet slices should be mostly covered by the pickling solution. If the liquid reduces too much, add a little water, white wine vinegar or more orange juice.\
Place the beets with their juice in a covered glass dish or disposable/reusable storage containers, which won't stain. Refrigerate at least three hours before serving.\

\fs28 \
}