{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red85\green85\blue85;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12320\viewh18440\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl600\qc

\f0\b\fs54 \cf0 HOMEMADE PICKLED GINGER\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa260\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs32 \cf2 Makes 1 quart
\b\fs60 \cf0 \

\fs44 \cf2 Ingredients
\b0 \
1 lb. fresh ginger
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 2 cups unseasoned rice vinegar
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 3/4 cup granulated sugar
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 1 T. table salt\

\b Directions
\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	1.	}In a tall 8-quart pot fitted with a rack, sterilize a quart jar by boiling it in water for 10 minutes. Turn off the heat and leave the jar in the water until you\'92re ready to use it.\
{\listtext	2.	}Peel the ginger with a vegetable peeler or the edge of a spoon.\
{\listtext	3.	}Using a mandoline or food processor, slice the ginger as thinly as possible (preferably paper thin and no thicker than 1/16 inch).\
{\listtext	4.	}In a 5-quart saucepan over high heat, bring 2 quarts of water to a boil. In a 2-quart saucepan over medium heat, combine the vinegar, sugar, and salt. Stir until the sugar and salt dissolve, then increase the heat to medium high and bring to a boil. Remove from the heat and cover the pan.\
{\listtext	5.	}When the water boils, add the ginger and cook, stirring once or twice, to soften it, about 30 seconds.\
{\listtext	6.	}Drain the ginger in a large colander, tossing the pieces so they drain well. Remove the jar from the water bath, and drain well. \
{\listtext	7.	}Transfer the ginger to the jar, using a canning funnel if you have one. Pour in the vinegar mixture (it should completely cover the ginger).\
{\listtext	8.	}Cover the jar with its lid, allow to cool completely, and refrigerate. The ginger will be ready to eat after several hours.\
}