{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red51\green51\blue51;\red76\green76\blue76;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14400\viewh16800\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs56 \cf2 Homemade Giardiniera\

\itap1\trowd \taflags4 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth26260\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt220 \clpadl220 \clpadb220 \clpadr220 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs38 \cf2 Makes about 2 quarts\

\i \

\fs48 Giardiniera, pronounced \{jar din nair ah\}, is a pickled vegetable condiment.\'a0 It's delicious added to sandwiches, or salads...and also tastes great as part of an antipasto.\
You can use any combination of vegetables you desire...some great additions would be fennel, eggplant, celery, or pearl onions.\'a0 Traditional canning methods, such as hot water baths, etc, are not needed here.\'a0 The high level of acid in the brine inhibits the growth of bacteria & the layer of olive oil on top seals out air.\'a0 
\i0 \

\i\fs32 \

\i0\fs56 1 head cauliflower, cut into small florets\
1 red bell pepper, large diced\
1 yellow bell pepper, large diced\
1 bunch carrots, cut into strips, or rounds 
\fs42 \cf3 (tender, young carrots that come in bunches, with the greens still attached)
\fs72 \cf2 \

\fs56 1 medium jicama, medium diced
\i \

\i0 5-6 cloves garlic\
red pepper flakes, to taste 
\fs44 (\cf3 for more heat, slice up some jalapenos, or serrano chiles)
\fs72 \cf2 \

\fs56 several sprigs of fresh dill\
10 whole peppercorns\
2 cups white vinegar\
2 cups water\
4 tablespoons kosher salt\
olive oil\
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural
\cf2 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\i \cf2 special equipment
\i0 : 2-1 quart size glass canning jars with tight fitting lids, or any combination of sizes that equal about 2 quarts\
\
Prepare all the vegetables & place them in a mixing bowl.\'a0 Toss to combine.\
Make sure your glass jars are thoroughly clean, either by boiling them in water, or washing them well with very hot water.\'a0 Into the bottom of each jar, add a few cloves of garlic, some of the peppercorns, a few dashes of red pepper flakes & a few sprigs of fresh dill.\'a0 How much depends on what size jar you are using.\'a0 Larger jars should get more, smaller jars should get less.\'a0 \
Fill each jar with the raw vegetables, nearly to the top.\'a0 Press down gently, as you fill them, to fit in as much as you can.\'a0 \
In a glass measuring cup, combine the vinegar, water & salt.\'a0 Whisk until the salt is dissolved.\'a0 Pour the liquid evenly between each jar, until filled within a 1/2" of the lid.\'a0 Depending on what jars you are using, it may be necessary to make some more brine.\'a0 Pour a 1/2" layer of olive oil into each jar & seal tightly.\
Let the jars sit in a cool, dry place for at least 2 weeks.\'a0 Once opened, they can be enjoyed for months in the refrigerator.\'a0 \cell \lastrow\row
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa200\ql\qnatural

\f2\fs52 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\
\
\
\
\
}