{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red51\green51\blue51;\red85\green85\blue85;\red245\green245\blue245;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww20960\viewh21320\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf2 Spicy Dill Pickles
\b0 \
12 pickling cucumbers 2 cups water 1 3/4 cups distilled white vinegar 1 \'bd cups packed coarsely chopped fresh dill \'bd cup sugar 8 garlic cloves, chopped 1 \'bd tablespoons coarse salt 1 tablespoon pickling spice 1 \'bd teaspoons dill seeds \'bd teaspoon dried crushed red pepper\
1. Combine all ingredients except dill sprigs in large bowl. Stir, let stand at room temperature 2 hours until sugar and salt dissolve.\
2. Place a few dill sprigs in each jar. Transfer 4 cucumbers to each of three 1 \'bd-pint wide-mouth jars. Pour pickling mixture over to cover. Cover jars with lids and close tightly. Refrigerate at least 10 days. Pickles will stay fresh for up to 1 month. Keep refrigerated.\
\

\b Pickled Roasted Red Peppers\

\b0 6-8 sweet red peppers\
1 large clove garlic\
1/2 cup dry white wine\
1/2 cup white vinegar\
1/2 cup cider vinegar\
1/2 cup coarsely chopped onion\
2 tbsp sugar\
1/2 tbsp oregano\
1 tsp pickling spice\
1. Roast peppers in the oven at 350F for about 45 minutes, or until skin is blackened. If you have a barbeque, grill peppers, turning frequently until peppers are cooked through and skin has blackened. Allow peppers to cool. Once you can handle them, peel the skin away from the flesh and remove the stem and seeds. Cut peppers into 1" wide strips.\
2. Combine wine, vinegars, sugar, salt and garlic in a pot. Bring to a boil, reduce heat and cook for 5 minutes.\
3. Meanwhile, place canning jars in a large pot of water and heat. Remove jars from water and pack with the sliced peppers, taking care not to pack them too tightly. Pour the boiling mixture over the peppers filling to 1/2" from the top of the jar.\
4. Seal jars and process for 15 minutes.\
Makes 4 half pints.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa420\ql\qnatural

\f1\b\fs46 \cf3 \cb4 Pickled Red Onions
\b0 \uc0\u8232 Four servings\
These onions make a over-the-top side dish and I serve them not just with Mexican food, but with barbequed meats and even chopped in potato salad. Reserve any liquid and use it to add tang to cole slaw or chopped vegetable salad.\
You can vary the seasonings. I used allspice and bay leaves, and sometimes I add a few kernels of black pepper and cloves. But cinnamon sticks and star anise would work, and I\'92m thinking of experimenting with very thinly sliced cloves of garlic or carrots, for contrast.\
3/4 cup (180ml) white vinegar\uc0\u8232 3 tablespoons (50gr) sugar\u8232 pinch of salt\u8232 1 bay leaf\u8232 5 allspice berries\u8232 5 whole cloves\u8232 a small, dried chile pepper\u8232 1 large red onion, peeled, and thinly sliced into rings\
1. In a small, non-reactive saucepan, heat the vinegar, sugar, salt, seasonings and chile until boiling.\
2. Add the onion slices and lower heat, then simmer gently for 30 seconds.\
3. Remove from heat and let cool completely.\
4. Transfer the onions and the liquid into a jar then refrigerate until ready to use.\
Storage: The onions will keep for several months, but I find they\'92re best the week they\'92re made.}