{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red132\green0\blue0;\red0\green10\blue208;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16100\viewh16020\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Pickled Whole Beets
\f1\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs38 \cf0 3 pounds fresh small whole beets (use similar size beets)*\uc0\u8232 2 cups apple cider vinegar\u8232 2 cups water\u8232 2 cups granulated sugar\u8232 1 teaspoon whole allspice\u8232 1 teaspoon whole cloves\u8232 1 tablespoon ground cinnamon
\f1\fs44 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs38 \cf2 * Small beets can be pickled whole. Larger beets can be sliced in 1/4-inch slices or diced.
\b \uc0\u8232 \cf0 \uc0\u8232 \cf2 \uc0\u8232 To cook fresh beets:
\b0 \'a0
\f1\fs44 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b \cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b0\fs38 \cf0 Use tender, freshly picked beets - wash, rinse and drain until all traces of garden soil are removed. Use a small vegetable brush if needed. Cut off leaves and stems, leaving about 1 inch of the root end.
\f1\fs44 \

\f0\fs38 Place beets in large heavy pan and cover with water. Bring just to a boil; reduce heat to medium, cover and cook until fork tender, approximately 25 to 30 minutes. Remove from heat and drain.
\f1\fs44 \

\f0\fs38 Let beets cool until you can safely handle them. Once cooled, you can peel them; the skin of a cooked beet will slip right off. (However, it's wise to use a paper towel or wear gloves to keep the beet juice from staining your hands.) Then either leave whole or cut the beets in slices.
\f1\fs44 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs38 \cf2 To make pickling brine:
\f1\b0\fs44 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs38 \cf0 In a large saucepan over medium-high heat, add apple cider vinegar, water, sugar, whole allspice, whole cloves, and cinnamon; bring to a boil, stirring until sugar melts. Reduce heat and let the pickling brine simmer approximately 15 minutes. Remove from heat and strain spices out of the liquid (optional). \cf2 NOTE: Some people like to keep the spices in the liquid.\uc0\u8232 \'a0
\f1\fs44 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs38 \cf2 Canning the beets:
\b0 \'a0
\f1\fs44 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs38 \cf0 Have clean pint-sized sterilized canning jars ready to use. Prepare two-piece lids and rings according to instructions on lid box.
\f1\fs44 \

\f0\fs38 Pack peeled and trimmed trimmed beets into the hot canning jars, leaving 1/2-inch head space. Carefully pour hot pickling brine into each jar, covering beets, and allowing 1/4-inch headspace. Run a thin spatula through jars to remove air bubbles. Wipe jar rims with a damp paper towel. Add caps and bands. Place filled jars on a rack in a water bath canner. The tops of the jars should be covered with 1-inch of water. Process for 30 minutes in boiling water canner. Begin timing as soon as the water begins to boil.
\f1\fs44 \

\f0\fs38 Store jars in a cool, dark place and let set for 6-8 weeks before opening. Consume within 8 months.
\f1\fs44 \
\'a0}