{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs54 \cf0 Pickled Green Tomatoes\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs34 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 4 quarts\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs38 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs46 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}6 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/fresno-chile/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Fresno chile}} peppers, halved lengthwise\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/bay-leaf/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 bay leaves}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/coriander/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 coriander}} seeds\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup cumin seeds\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 cinnamon sticks\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 teaspoons whole cloves\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 teaspoons ground {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/mace/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 mace}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 tablespoons black {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/peppercorn/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 peppercorns}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}10 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/garlic/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cloves garlic}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}8 cups {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cider-vinegar/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cider vinegar}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/honey/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 honey}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 tablespoons kosher salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 pounds {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/tomato/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 green tomatoes}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 What you'll need:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs46 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}4 quart-size canning jars with lids\
{\listtext	\'95	}Large deep pot with lid\
{\listtext	\'95	}Round wire rack that fits inside the pot or clean empty {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/tuna/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 tuna}} cans (to keep the jars from direct heat)\
{\listtext	\'95	}Jar lifter or tongs\
{\listtext	\'95	}Rubber {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/spatula/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 spatula}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}Clean dish towels\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs46 \cf0 Sterilize the jars. Wash the jars and lids in hot soapy water; rinse well. Place a wire rack or empty tuna cans in the pot to keep the jars from touching the bottom. Fill the pot halfway with water and bring to a simmer (do not boil). Submerge the jars in the water and let simmer until you're ready to fill. Sterilize the lids in a separate small pot of simmering water.\
Make the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/brine/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 brine}}. Combine the chiles, bay leaves, coriander and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cumin/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cumin seeds}}, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cinnamon/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cinnamon sticks}}, cloves, mace, peppercorns, garlic, vinegar, honey, salt and 1 cup water in a large {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/saucepan/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 saucepan}}. Bring to a boil; cook for 3 minutes. Cool slightly. Remove the chiles and bay leaves with a slotted spoon\
Pack the tomatoes. Slice the tomatoes into wedges using a sterilized knife and cutting board. Remove the jars and lids from the simmering water with a jar lifter or tongs; fill with the tomatoes and some chiles and bay leaves\
Fill and close. Pour the warm pickling liquid over the tomatoes in each jar, stopping 1/2 inch from the top. Slide a clean rubber spatula around the inside of each jar to remove air bubbles. Wipe the rims with a clean towel, then position the sterilized lids on top. Screw the lids shut, being careful not to overtighten.\
Boil the jars. Return the pot of water to a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/simmer/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 simmer}}; add the jars, making sure water covers them by a few inches. Cover and boil for 15 to 20 minutes. Turn off the heat, uncover and leave them in the water for 10 minutes\
Remove and let cool. Transfer the jars to a kitchen towel. Let sit, undisturbed, for at least 12 hours. A vacuum seal will form as the jars cool\
Label your pickles. Write the date on each jar and store for up to 1 year at room temperature; refrigerate after opening. The tomatoes will be at their prime about 3 months after {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/canning/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 canning}}.\
\
}