{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red78\green79\blue79;\red255\green97\blue0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16580\viewh20200\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa40\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs66 \cf2 \shad\shadx20\shady-20\shadr20\shado255 \shadc0 spicy pickled green beans\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural

\f1\b\fs32 \cf2 \shad0 Yield:
\b0  8 cups
\fs40 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs48 \cf2 ingredients:\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa200\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs42 \cf2 1 pound very fresh green beans (nice and crisp), ends trimmed\uc0\u8232 2 cups rice vinegar\u8232 1/4 cup granulated white sugar\u8232 2 Tablespoons kosher salt\u8232 6 small dried red chiles, such as Thai or arbol\u8232 1 teaspoon multi-colored peppercorns\u8232 3 inch-long piece of kombu (dried kelp) or seaweed\u8232 1 lemon, sliced (seeds removed)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs48 \cf2 directions:\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa200\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs42 \cf2 1. Bring a medium pot of water to boil and blanch green beans until tender-crisp, 2 to 3 minutes (don't overcook... you don't want limp green beans). Drain and put in a large heatproof bowl.\
2. Bring 2 1/2 cups of water to boil in another medium pot with vinegar, sugar, salt, chiles, peppercorns, and seaweed. As soon as the liquid boils, pour over beans and add the lemon slices. Let cool to room temperature. Slit 3 of the chiles to let seeds spill into liquid. Chill, covered, overnight to let flavors develop. Serve cold.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs48 \cf2 tips:\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa200\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs42 \cf2 *I found the red chiles (Arbol) in my market's Latin products aisle, and I found the seaweed in the Asian foods aisle.\uc0\u8232 *You can use regular, old black peppercorns if you'd like, but the multicolored ones are so pretty in this.\u8232 *These green beans will keep - covered in the refrigerator- for about one week.\

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trwWidth8600\trftsWidth3 \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clwWidth6560\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f2\fs58 \cf3 \kerning1\expnd4\expndtw20
\
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b\fs66 \cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \cell \lastrow\row
}