{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red51\green51\blue51;\red0\green103\blue207;\red161\green95\blue49;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16040\viewh17660\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf2 Vanilla-Almond Sugar Cookies
\b0\fs40 \
\
3 c unbleached, all-purpose flour\
2 tsp baking powder\
1 c sugar (I use sugar that I've stored vanilla beans in)\
\'a02 sticks (salted) butter, cold\
\'a01 egg\
\'a03/4 tsp pure vanilla extract\
1/2 tsp pure almond extract\
\
Preheat oven to 350.\
\
Combine the flour and baking powder, set aside. Cream the sugar and butter. Add the egg and extracts and mix. Gradually add the flour mixture and beat just until combined, scraping down the bowl, especially the bottom.\
\
The dough will be crumbly, so knead it together with your hands as you scoop it out of the bowl for rolling ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.universityofcookie.com/2010/09/how-to-make-cookie-dough-for-decorating.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 video on University of Cookie}}). \
\
Roll onto a floured surface and cut into shapes. Place on parchment lined baking sheets (I recommend {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://bakeat350.blogspot.com/2009/02/helping-cookies-keep-their-shapeworks.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 freezing the cut out shape}} on the baking sheet for 5 minutes before baking) and bake for 10-12 minutes. Let sit a few minutes on the sheet, then transfer to a cooling rack.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs42 \cf4 \

\fs28 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs50 \cf2 Royal Icing\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs38 \cf2 (This will cover 2-3 dozen 3.5 inch cookies in 2 colors; I usually double this recipe.)
\f1\fs44 \cf4 \

\f0\fs42 \cf2 \
4 TBSP meringue powder\
scant 1/2 c. water\
1 lb. powdered sugar\
1/2 - 1 tsp light corn syrup \
few drops clear extract (optional)\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\ql\qnatural

\fs40 \cf2 Combine the meringue powder and water. With the 
\i paddle 
\i0 attachment of an electric mixer, beat until combined and foamy.\
Sift in the powdered sugar and beat on low to combine. (Do NOT skip the sifting!)\
Add in the corn syrup and extract if desired. ( I think the corn syrup helps keep the icing shiny.)\
\
Increase speed to med-high/high and beat for about 5 minutes, just until the icing is glossy and stiff peaks form.\
(You should be able to remove the beater from the mixer and hold up and jiggle without the peak falling.) Do not overbeat.Cover with plastic wrap touching the icing or divide and color using gel paste food colorings.\
\
This "stiff" icing is perfect for outlining and even for building gingerbread houses and monogramming. To fill in your cookies, add water to your icing a teaspoon at a time, stirring with a rubber spatula, until it is the consistency of syrup. This technique of filling a cookie with thinned icing is called "flooding."
\fs56 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\ql\qnatural

\fs26 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\ql\qnatural

\b\fs36 \cf2 HELPFUL HINTS
\b0\fs26 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\ql\qnatural

\fs36 \cf2 I typically use a few drops of pure almond extract when I am making my {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://bakeat350.blogspot.com/2008/04/taste-of-yellow-yellow-rose-sugar.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 vanilla-almond sugar cookies}}. Just keep in mind that any colored extract, such as vanilla, will tint the icing.\
\
Try to beat it until it's glossy and just coming to a stiff peak. Also, use the paddle attachment of your mixer.\
\
I typically work about 6-8 cookies at a time. I flood all the cookies in the base coat, then go back and add the dots. This gives them a minute or so to rest. It seems to stop the bleeding. Sometimes, it still happens and that's when I have to remind myself not to stress and that it's 
\i "just a cookie."
\i0  (Sometimes a glass of wine helps.)\
\
The royal icing needs that overnight time to dry thoroughly and the icing kind of "seals" the cookie from getting stale.\
\
Ateco and AmeriColor are great brands for meringue powder.\
\
Refrigerate your icing if you make it beforehand for up to one week.\
\
Keep it in Tupperware type containers with plastic wrap pressed down onto the icing to keep it from drying, then with the lid on top of that.\
\
Wait at least an hour before you put more raised-style frosting on top.\
\
To make red icing use AmeriColor Super Red food coloring.\
To make black icing AmeriColor Super Black food coloring.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\ql\qnatural

\fs26 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\ql\qnatural

\b\fs32 \cf2 bakeat350.blogspot.com 
\b0\fs26 for more instructions and ideas.\
\
}