{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13640\viewh17380\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl500\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs46 \cf0 Sugar Cookies
\f1\b0\fs26 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260\ql\qnatural

\b \cf2 Serves: 
\b0 \cf0 5 Dozen Cookies\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs30 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs42 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl420\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs40 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 cups confectioners' sugar, sifted\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup (2 sticks) butter\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 egg\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon \cf2 vanilla extract\cf0 \
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon pure \cf2 almond extract\cf0 \
{\listtext	\'95	}2 1/2 cups all-purpose flour\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon baking soda\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon cream of tartar\
{\listtext	\'95	}Granulated sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}Royal Icing, recipe follows\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs42 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs40 \cf0 In a bowl, cream together the sugar and butter, then mix in the egg and vanilla and almond \cf2 extracts\cf0 . In another bowl, stir together the flour, baking soda, and cream of tarter; mix the dry ingredients into the creamed mixture, then cover and refrigerate for 2 to 3 hours, or overnight.\
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.\
Divide the chilled dough in half and roll it out on a lightly floured \cf2 board\cf0  to a 1/4-inch thickness. Lightly grease some baking sheets. Cut the dough with a floured \cf2 cookie cutter\cf0 ; sprinkle with sugar. Transfer the cookies to the prepared sheets and bake for 9 minutes.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs42 \cf2 Royal Icing\cf0 :\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl420\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs40 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}*3 egg whites\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 (1-pound) box confectioners' sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/8 teaspoon \cf2 cream of tartar\cf0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl420\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}food coloring\cf0 , optional\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 In a medium bowl, combine egg whites, sugar, and cream of tarter. Beat at low speed with an electric \cf2 mixer\cf0  until blended. Increase mixer speed to high, and beat 8 to 10 minutes, or until mixture holds a peak. Cover with a damp cloth when not in use. Separate into bowls and add food coloring, if desired.\
\
*RAW EGG WARNING\
Food Network Kitchens suggest caution in consuming raw and lightly-cooked eggs\
Due to the slight risk of \cf2 Salmonella\cf0  or other food-borne illness. To reduce this risk, we recommend you use only fresh, properly-refrigerated, clean, grade A or AA eggs with intact shells, and avoid contact between the yolks or whites and the shell.}