{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red51\green51\blue51;\red119\green119\blue119;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16880\viewh17500\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs80 \cf2 Chai Spice Mini Angel Food Cakes
\b0\fs50 \

\fs44 \
Makes:  12 mini cakes\
\

\b\fs66 Ingredients
\b0\fs56 \
1/2 cup cake flour\
3/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons granulated sugar\
5 egg whites (at room temperature) \
1/2 teaspoon cream of tartar\
1/8 teaspoon salt\
1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract\
1/4 almond extract\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\i \cf2 Chai Spice Glaze:
\i0 \
1/4 teaspoon chai spice (see recipe below)\
1 cup powdered sugar\
1 tablespoon unsalted butter melted\
1/4 teaspoon vanilla\
2-3 tablespoons whole milk\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b\fs66 \cf2 Directions
\b0\fs56 \
Sift together the cake flour and two tablespoons of sugar and set aside. \
In a large bowl whisking lightly by hand, dissolve the salt and cream of tarter in the egg whites. Add this to your stand mixer outfitted with the whisk attachment and beat on high until the egg whites form soft peaks. Slowly beat in the remaining 3/4 cup of sugar a couple tablespoons at a time. Beat on high for a minute and then mix in the vanilla and almond extracts. Reduce mixer speed to low and slowly sprinkle in the flour sugar mixture. \
Divide the batter into cups of a mini angel food cake pan and bake at 325\'b0F for 20-30 minutes until a toothpick comes out clean. Remove from oven and allow to cool in the pan upside down for at least 30 minutes. Slide a small knife around the edge of the cakes to release them from the pan. \
To make the glaze mix the sugar, chai spice, vanilla and butter in a bowl and slowly add the milk while whisking. Add just enough to make a smooth glaze. \
Pour a little of the glaze onto each cake and sprinkle with chopped candied ginger. These should be eaten the same day you bake them.\
\

\b Chai Spice Blend:
\b0 \
2 tablespoons ground ginger\
1 tablespoon ground cinnamon \
2 teaspoons ground cardamon\
2 teaspoons nutmeg\
2 teaspoons allspice\
1 teaspoon ground cloves\
pinch of white pepper\
\
Mix the spices and store in an air tight container.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\qc
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.pinterest.com/pin/create/button/?url=http%3A%2F%2Fnotsohumblepie.blogspot.com%2F2009%2F11%2Fchai-spice-mini-angel-food-cakes.html&media=&guid=ujNJXAtHfB3b-0&description=Not%20So%20Humble%20Pie%3A%20Chai%20Spice%20Mini%20Angel%20Food%20Cakes"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1\i\fs50 \cf3 \
}}}