{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15100\viewh14840\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs78 \cf0 Mini Cupcakes with Strawberry Glaze
\fs74 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs50 \cf0 Yield:  48 mini muffins\

\fs46 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\ql\qnatural

\b\fs70 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0\fs58 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 cup (8 ounces) mascarpone cheese, softened\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 egg whites\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup vegetable oil\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 box white cake mix\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 cup water\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/3 cup frozen strawberries, thawed and drained\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 1/2 cups powdered sugar\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\ql\qnatural

\b\fs70 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs58 \cf0 Special equipment: 4 mini muffin tins and 48 mini muffin paper cupcake liners 
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line the mini tins with paper liners. 
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 In a large bowl combine the mascarpone cheese, egg whites and vegetable oil. Using a hand mixer, beat the ingredients until combined and creamy. Add the cake mix and water and mix until smooth, about 3 minutes. Fill the mini cups to just below the rim and bake until puffed and golden, about 18 to 20 minutes. Remove from the oven, let cool slightly in the tin then transfer the cupcakes to a wire rack. 
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 Meanwhile, puree the strawberries in a blender or small food processor. Place the powdered sugar in a medium bowl. Pour in the strawberry puree and whisk until smooth. Top the cooled cupcakes with the strawberry glaze. Let the cupcakes sit for a few minutes for the glaze to firm up, then serve.\
}