{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red96\green93\blue93;\red235\green235\blue235;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15700\viewh20280\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs82 \cf0 Mini Spiced Apple Tarts
\fs64 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl300\sa100\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0\fs56 \cf0 Yield: Serves 12 (serving size: 2 tarts)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \
You can make the tart shells and filling the day before and assemble just before serving: Place the shells in an airtight container and chill the filling, bringing it to room temperature before placing it in the shells so it's not ice-cold. The cr\'e8me fra\'eeche dollop is more than just a pretty garnish; its rich, tangy flavor makes these sublime.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl300\sa100\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 		\
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs70 \cb3 Ingredients
\b0\fs68 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl360\sa180\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 \cb1 		Crust:\
		1/3 cup sugar\
		1/4 cup unsalted butter, softened\
		2 tablespoons canola oil\
		1 tablespoon 1% low-fat milk\
		1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract\
		1/4 teaspoon salt\
		4.5 ounces all-purpose flour (about 1 cup)\
		1/3 cup very finely chopped toasted pecans\
		Baking spray with flour\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl360\sa180\ql\qnatural
\ls3\ilvl0\cf0 		Filling:\
		2 cups finely diced peeled Granny Smith apple\
		2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice\
		2 tablespoons sugar\
		1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon\
		1/4 teaspoon salt\
		1/4 teaspoon ground allspice\
		1/8 teaspoon ground ginger\
		1 tablespoon unsalted butter\
		1/2 teaspoon cornstarch\
		1 tablespoon water\
		1/4 cup cr\'e8me fra\'eeche\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b\fs70 \cf0 \cb3 Directions
\b0\fs66 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \cb1 1. Preheat oven to 350\'b0.\
2. To prepare crust, place first 6 ingredients in a medium bowl. Beat with a mixer at medium speed 1 minute or until well combined. Weigh or lightly spoon flour into a dry measuring cup; level with a knife. Add flour and nuts to butter mixture; beat until just combined. Divide dough evenly among 24 miniature muffin cups coated with baking spray. Press dough into bottom and up sides of muffin cups. Bake at 350\'b0 for 15 minutes or until golden brown. Cool in pan on a wire rack for 5 minutes. Carefully remove from pan; cool completely on wire rack.\
3. To prepare filling, place apple and juice in a bowl; toss to coat. Add 2 tablespoons sugar and the next 4 ingredients (through ginger); toss well.\
4. Melt 1 tablespoon butter in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Add apple mixture; cover and cook 5 minutes or until apple is tender, stirring occasionally. Combine cornstarch and 1 tablespoon water in a small bowl. Stir cornstarch mixture into apple mixture; cook 1 minute or until mixture thickens, stirring constantly. Place apple mixture in a bowl; cool to room temperature. Spoon about 2 teaspoons apple mixture into each tart shell. Top each tart with 1/2 teaspoon cr\'e8me fra\'eeche.}