{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17940\viewh18660\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs58 \cf0 BLT Pasta Salad
\f1\b0\fs38 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\b\fs34 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 4 servings
\fs38 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs42 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}12 ounces {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/corkscrew/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 corkscrew}}-shaped pasta\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup milk\
{\listtext	\'95	}12 ounces lean bacon\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 medium ripe {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/tomato/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 tomatoes}}, cut into chunks\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/clove/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 clove}} garlic, minced\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/salt/index.html"}}{\fldrslt Kosher salt}}\cf0  and freshly ground pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/mayonnaise/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 mayonnaise}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup sour cream\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 tablespoons chopped chives or {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/scallion/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 scallion}} {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/greens/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 greens}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}5 heads Bibb lettuce, quartered, or 5 cups chopped romaine hearts\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 Cook the pasta in a large pot of salted boiling water as the label directs. Drain and toss with the milk in a large bowl; set aside.\
Meanwhile, cook the bacon in a large skillet over medium-high heat until crisp. Drain on paper towels. Discard all but 3 tablespoons {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/drippings/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 drippings}} from the pan. Add the tomatoes, thyme and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/garlic/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 garlic}} to the pan and toss until warmed through; season with salt and pepper. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/crumble/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Crumble}} the bacon into bite-size pieces; set aside 1/4 cup for garnish. Toss the remaining bacon and the tomato mixture with the pasta.\
Mix the mayonnaise, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sour-cream/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 sour cream}} and 3 tablespoons chives with the pasta until evenly combined. Season with salt and pepper. Add the lettuce; toss again to coat. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/garnish/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Garnish}} with the reserved bacon and the remaining 1 tablespoon {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/chives/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 chives}}. Serve at room temperature.\
}