{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red51\green51\blue51;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs54 \cf2 Dilled Potato & Pickled Cucumber Salad\

\itap1\trowd \taflags4 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth12360\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt220 \clpadl220 \clpadb220 \clpadr220 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs32 \cf2 Serves 8\
\

\fs46 6 tablespoons distilled white vinegar\
4 teaspoons kosher salt\
2 English hothouse cucumbers, thinly sliced\
1/2 cup plus 3 tablespoons chopped fresh dill\
10 medium Yukon Gold potatoes\
1/2 cup finely chopped red onion\
8 radishes, halved & thinly sliced\
3/4 cup mayonnaise\
\
Place the sliced cucumbers & 1/2 cup chopped dill in a gallon-size resealable plastic bag.\'a0 In a small bowl, combine the vinegar & kosher salt.\'a0 Stir until the salt dissolves.\'a0 Pour the mixture into the bag & refrigerate overnight.\
Pour the pickled cucumbers into a colander set over a bowl & let it drain for 1 hour.\'a0 \
Boil the potatoes in a large pot of salted water until tender, about 30 minutes.\'a0 Drain & let the potatoes cool completely.\'a0 When cool, peel, quarter length-wise & cut into 1/2" chunks.\'a0 Transfer to a large mixing bowl & season generously with kosher salt & freshly ground pepper.\'a0 Add in the radishes, red onion, 3 tablespoons of dill & the pickled cucumbers.\'a0 Toss to combine & let the mixture rest for about 1 hour.\
Stir in the mayonnaise.\'a0 Mound into a serving bowl & serve immediately, or chill until ready to serve.\
This salad can be made up to a day ahead of time.\cell \lastrow\row
}