{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs54 \cf0 Fresh Fruit and Mint Salad\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs34 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 4 to 6 servings, approximately 5 cups\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs38 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs46 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs44 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/papaya/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 papaya}} or {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/mango/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 mango}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/strawberry/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 strawberries}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 kiwis\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 banana\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/navel-orange/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 navel oranges}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 tablespoons honey\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon Grand Marnier, optional\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 to 5 sprigs fresh {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/mint/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 mint}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/raspberry/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 raspberries}} or {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/blueberry/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 blueberries}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs46 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs44 \cf0 Peel and dice the mango or papaya, and put in a medium bowl. Trim the strawberries' stems and half or quarter, if large. Add to the bowl of fruit. Peel and dice the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/kiwi/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 kiwi}}, add to bowl. Peel and slice the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/banana/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 bananas}}, add to bowl.\
Cut the top and bottom off the oranges just deep enough to expose the inner fruit. Following the curve of the fruit cut the skin and pith off the orange in panels. Holding the orange over the bowl cut between the membranes to free the citrus segments. Let them fall into the bowl as they are cut free. By hand, squeeze all the juice from the remaining membrane over the fruit, then discard. Repeat with the other orange.\
Lightly stir the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/honey/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 honey}} and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/grand-marnier/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Grand Marnier}}, if using, into the fruit. Strip the mint leaves off the stem, tear, or chop into smaller pieces, and stir into the fruit salad. Add the berries and set aside for 10 minutes or up to 2 hours.\
Serve.}