{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Grilled Chicken Salad with Apricot Glaze, Homemade Mustard Vinaigrette and Grape Salad\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs32 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 4 servings\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs36 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs42 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Vinaigrette:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs40 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup chardonnay vinegar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/dijon-mustard/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Dijon mustard}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon whole grain mustard\
{\listtext	\'95	}Salt and freshly ground black pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/3 cup extra-virgin olive oil, plus more if needed\
{\listtext	\'95	}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs42 \cf0 Grape Salad:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs40 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}3 Fresno chiles\
{\listtext	\'95	}Canola oil\
{\listtext	\'95	}Salt and freshly ground black pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 cups green seedless grapes, roughly chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 cups red seedless grapes, roughly chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 to 3 tablespoons {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/chardonnay/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 chardonnay}} vinegar\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 to 3 tablespoons {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/olive-oil/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 extra-virgin olive oil}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs42 \cf0 Chicken:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls3\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs40 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}3/4 cup {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/apricot/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 apricot}} jam\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 tablespoons chardonnay vinegar\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 (6-ounce) boneless, skinless {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/chicken/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 chicken breasts}}, pounded thin\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls3\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/canola-oil/index.html"}}{\fldrslt Canola oil}}\cf0 \
{\listtext	\'95	}Salt and freshly ground black pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup roughly chopped fresh thyme\
{\listtext	\'95	}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 bunch watercress, for serving\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup sliced skin-on almonds, lightly toasted, for serving\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs42 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs40 \cf0 For the vinaigrette: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/whisk/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Whisk}} the vinegar, the mustards and salt and pepper, to taste, in a bowl. Slowly whisk in about the olive oil and until emulsified. Taste; whisk in a few more tablespoons olive oil, if desired.\
For the grape salad: Prepare the grill for direct grilling.\
Brush the chiles with oil and season with salt and pepper. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/grill/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Grill}} until charred on all sides. Remove to a bowl, cover and let steam for 15 minutes. Remove the skins and coarsely {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/chop/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 chop}}. Transfer to a bowl and add the grapes, chardonnay vinegar and olive oil. Season with salt and pepper. .\
For the chicken: Whisk together the apricot jam and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/vinegar/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 vinegar}}. Season with salt and 1/4 teaspoon black pepper.\
Brush the chicken on both sides with oil and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Grill until the first side is golden brown, about 2 1/2 minutes. Turn, brush with the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/glaze/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 glaze}} and sprinkle on the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/thyme/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 thyme}}. Cook until just cooked through, another 2 to 3 minutes. Remove to a serving platter.\
To serve, top with the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/grape/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 grape}} salad, then the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/watercress/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 watercress}} and finally the almonds. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/drizzle/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Drizzle}} with the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/vinaigrette/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 vinaigrette}}\
}