{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh18700\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs54 \cf0 Lightly Pickled Mushroom and Cauliflower Salad with Crispy Parmigiano\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs34 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 4 servings\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs38 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs46 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}6 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cremini/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cremini mushrooms}}, stems removed and thinly sliced\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 small red {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/onion/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 onion}}, thinly sliced\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 head cauliflower, thinly sliced on a mandolin\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 fresh {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/thyme/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 thyme}} springs, leaves picked\
{\listtext	\'95	}Pinch crushed {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/red-pepper/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 red pepper}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/vinegar/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 red wine vinegar}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}Kosher salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup coarsely grated Parmigiano\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 1/2 cups baby {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/arugula/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 arugula}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/finishing/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Finishing}} oil\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs46 \cf0 Combine the mushrooms, onion, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cauliflower/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cauliflower}}, thyme leaves, crushed red pepper, vinegar, and salt in a bowl. Toss well to combine, cover, and let sit at room temperature at least 1 hour, stirring once or twice. This will sort of cook the veggies and lightly {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/pickle/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 pickle}} them.\
Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.\
On a sheet tray lined with a silicone mat or parchment paper, make 4 flat circles of Parmigiano. Bake the Parmigiano disks until the cheese looks golden and lacy, 6 to 7 minutes. Remove the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cheese/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cheese}} rounds from the oven and let cool for 1 to 2 minutes, and then loosen them from the tray. Reserve.\
Toss the mushroom mixture with the arugula and a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/drizzle/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 drizzle}} of finishing oil. Taste to make sure the mix is delicious. Divide salad among plates and place a Parmigiano disk on each plate.}