{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red61\green61\blue61;\red6\green124\blue174;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12040\viewh12040\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri1000\sl500\sa80\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf2 New Potato Salad
\fs46 \
\pard\tx5360\pardeftab720\sl420\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf2 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl420\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs36 \cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}3 pounds small red {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/potato/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 potatoes}}\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl420\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf3 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/salt/index.html"}}{\fldrslt Kosher salt}}\cf2 \
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup good {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/mayonnaise/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 mayonnaise}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup buttermilk, milk, or white wine\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/dijon-mustard/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 Dijon mustard}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons whole-grain mustard\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup chopped fresh {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/dill/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 dill}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}Freshly ground black pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup chopped celery\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup chopped red onion\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs46 \cf2 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa180\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs36 \cf2 Place the potatoes and 2 tablespoons of salt in a large pot of water. Bring the water to a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/boil/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 boil}}, then lower the heat and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/simmer/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 simmer}} for 10 to 15 minutes, until the potatoes are barely tender when pierced with a knife. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/drain/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 Drain}} the potatoes in a colander, then place the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/colander/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 colander}} with the potatoes over the empty pot and cover with a clean, dry kitchen towel. Allow the potatoes to steam for 15 to 20 minutes.\'a0Meanwhile, in a small bowl, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/whisk/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 whisk}} together the mayonnaise, buttermilk, Dijon mustard, whole-grain mustard, dill, 1 teaspoon of salt, and 1 teaspoon of pepper. Set aside.\'a0When the potatoes are cool enough to handle, cut them into quarters or halves, depending on their size. Place the cut potatoes in a large bowl. While the potatoes are still warm, pour enough dressing over them to {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/moisten/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 moisten}}. (As the salad sits, you may need to add more {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/dressing/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 dressing}}.) Add the celery and red onion, 2 teaspoons of salt and 1 teaspoon of pepper. Toss well, cover, and refrigerate for a few hours to allow the flavors to {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/blend/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 blend}}. Serve cold or at room temperature.\
\
}