{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs56 \cf0 Quinoa Salad\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs36 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 4 servings\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs40 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs46 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs44 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 cup quinoa\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 English cucumber, seeded and chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons roughly chopped fresh cilantro leaves\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup pine nuts, toasted\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/lemon/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 lemon}} infused olive oil\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs46 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs44 \cf0 Soak the quinoa in water for 15 minutes, then {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/drain/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 drain}}. In a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/saucepan/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 saucepan}} over medium heat, combine quinoa and about 1 1/2 cups of water. Bring to a full boil. Cover the pot, and let the quinoa cook for another minute. Turn the heat down to very low and cook for 15 minutes. Remove the pot from the heat and let it sit for 5 minutes with the lid on. Uncover the quinoa and fluff gently with a fork. Set aside to cool.\
Meanwhile, put the chopped {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cucumber/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cucumber}}, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cilantro/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cilantro}}, toasted {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/pine-nut/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 pine nuts}} and the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/olive-oil/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 olive oil}} in a serving bowl. Season with salt and pepper, to taste, then add the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/quinoa/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 quinoa}} and toss. Eat and enjoy!\
}