{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green12\blue242;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww18180\viewh16180\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs56 \cf0 Ranch Potato Salad
\b0\fs30 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\ql\qnatural

\fs36 \cf0 Serves 6 to 8
\fs40 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\fs52 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}3 pounds red potatoes, peeled and cut into 3/4-inch chunks\
{\listtext	\'95	}\'a0 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.cookscountry.com/taste-tests/ingredient/9842"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 Salt}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}3/4 cup {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.cookscountry.com/taste-tests/ingredient/9861"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 mayonnaise}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup buttermilk\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.cookscountry.com/taste-tests/ingredient/9999"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 white wine vinegar}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup drained jarred roasted red peppers, chopped fine\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 tablespoons finely chopped fresh cilantro leaves\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 scallions, chopped fine\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 garlic clove, minced\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/8 teaspoon dried dill\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 teaspoons pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons Dijon mustard\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Instructions\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa240\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1. Bring potatoes, 1 tablespoon salt, and enough water to cover by 1 inch to boil in large pot over high heat. Reduce heat to medium and simmer until potatoes are just tender, about 10 minutes. While potatoes simmer, whisk mayonnaise, buttermilk, 2 tablespoons vinegar, red peppers, cilantro, scallions, garlic, dill, 1 teaspoon salt, and pepper in large bowl.\
{\listtext	\'95	}2. Drain potatoes, then spread in even layer on rimmed baking sheet. Whisk mustard and remaining vinegar in small bowl. Drizzle mustard mixture over hot potatoes and toss until evenly coated. Refrigerate until cooled, about 30 minutes. \
{\listtext	\'95	}3. Transfer cooled potatoes to bowl with mayonnaise mixture and toss to combine. Cover and refrigerate until well chilled, about 30 minutes. Serve. (Salad can be refrigerated in airtight container for 2 days.)\
}