{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Roasted Potato Salad with Blue Cheese Dressing\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs32 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 12 servings\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}5 pounds red and white table potatoes, cut into 1-inch pieces\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 tablespoons {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/olive-oil/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 olive oil}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 teaspoons minced {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/garlic/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 garlic}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 teaspoons salt, divided\
{\listtext	\'95	}3/4 teaspoon ground black pepper, divided\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup butter\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 large onion, chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/balsamic-vinegar/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 balsamic vinegar}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}Blue Cheese {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/dressing/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Dressing}}, recipe follows\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Line a large shallow roasting pan with nonstick aluminum foil.\
In a large bowl, combine the potatoes, olive oil, garlic, 1 teaspoon salt, and 1/2 teaspoon pepper, tossing gently to coat. Arrange the potatoes, in a single layer, on the prepared pan. Bake until {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/potato/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 potatoes}} are tender and lightly browned, stirring occasionally, for 35 minutes. Remove from the oven and cool.\
In a large skillet, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/melt/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 melt}} the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/butter/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 butter}} over medium-low heat. Add the onions; cover and cook for 30 minutes, stirring occasionally. Uncover and add the vinegar. Stir until the vinegar evaporates, about 1 to 2 minutes.\
In a large serving bowl, combine the potatoes, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/onion/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 onions}}, remaining salt and pepper and Blue Cheese Dressing. Serve immediately, or cover and refrigerate. Bring to room temperature before serving.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Blue Cheese Dressing:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}3/4 cup {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/mayonnaise/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 mayonnaise}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 (5-ounce) container crumbled {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/blue-cheese/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 blue cheese}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons sour cream\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 teaspoons prepared horseradish\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon ground black pepper\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 In a small bowl, combine the mayonnaise, blue cheese, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sour-cream/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 sour cream}}, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/horseradish/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 horseradish}}, and pepper. Cover, and refrigerate until ready to use.\
Yield: about 1 cup\
\
}