{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Spinach Salad with Sweet Vinaigrette\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs32 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 4 to 6 servings\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs42 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs40 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}3 eggs\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/canola-oil/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 canola oil}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 onion, minced\
{\listtext	\'95	}3/4 pound chopped uncooked bacon\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/vinegar/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 red wine vinegar}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/dijon-mustard/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Dijon mustard}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon dark {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sugar/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 brown sugar}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon coarsely ground black pepper, plus more for seasoning\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon salt, plus more for seasoning\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 pound fresh baby spinach, washed, spun dry and chilled\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/avocado/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 avocado}}, halved, pitted and flesh diced\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 lemon, juiced\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs42 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs40 \cf0 In a small {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/saucepan/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 saucepan}}, add the eggs and a few pinches of salt. Cover the eggs with cold water and bring to a boil over medium heat. Remove the pan from the heat and cover with a lid for 10 minutes. Remove from water and cool in a bowl of iced water. Peel and set aside.\
In a large saute pan over medium heat, add the oil. Add the onions and bacon and saute until the bacon is crisp. Stir in the vinegar, mustard, sugar, black pepper and salt and cook for 1 minute. Set aside and keep warm.\
In a large serving bowl add the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/spinach/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 spinach}}, avocado and the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/lemon/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 lemon juice}} to keep avocado from turning brown. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Cut the eggs into quarters and add to the bowl. Ladle desired amount of {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/dressing/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 dressing}} on the salad and serve.\
}