{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Sweet and Sour Bean Salad\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs32 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 6 to 8 servings\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs36 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 can {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/green-bean/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 green beans}}, rinsed and drained\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 can cut yellow wax beans, rinsed and drained\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 can {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/kidney-bean/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 kidney beans}}, rinsed and drained\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 can butter beans, rinsed and drained\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 large {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/bell-pepper/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 green bell pepper}}, diced\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 large red onion, sliced and separated into rings\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 (4-ounce) jar pimentos, diced\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup salad oil\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 cups thinly sliced {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/celery/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 celery}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 cups {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cider-vinegar/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cider vinegar}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 cups sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 teaspoons salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 can tomato soup, undiluted\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 Place all the beans, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/green-pepper/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 green pepper}}, onion and pimentos in a large mixing bowl. Add the oil and celery. In a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/saucepan/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 saucepan}}, combine the vinegar, sugar, salt, pepper, and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/tomato/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 tomato}} soup. Bring to a boil and pour over the vegetables. Toss the mixture lightly with 2 forks. Do this several times as the mixture cools. Cover the bowl and refrigerate at least 4 hours before serving. The salad will be better if kept chilled 24 hours before serving. Drain and reserve liquid before serving; it will keep for several days. The reserved liquid can be poured over the leftovers. Add more sugar, if desired.}