{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Tahoma;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green109\blue165;\red51\green51\blue51;\red236\green236\blue236;
\red0\green103\blue155;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12400\viewh20040\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs36 \cf2 Three Bean Salad Recipe\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs24 \cf3 Recipe makes about eight one-cup servings of three bean salad.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa440\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs26 \cf3 \ul \ulc3 Ingredients\ulnone \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa240\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 1 15 oz can of dark red kidney beans, rinsed and drained\'a0\uc0\u8232 1 15 oz can cannellini (white kidney beans), rinsed and drained\u8232 1 15 oz can of garbanzo beans (chickpeas), rinsed and drained\u8232 2 celery stalks, finely diced\u8232 1 clove of fresh garlic, minced\u8232 1/2 red onion, finely diced\u8232 1 red bell pepper, finely diced\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa440\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs26 \cf3 \ul Three Bean Salad Vinaigrette\ulnone \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa240\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 4 tbs red or white wine vinegar\uc0\u8232 3\'a0tbs Extra Virgin Olive Oil or Walnut Oil\u8232 1 tbs dried oregano\u8232 Salt and pepper to taste\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa440\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs26 \cf3 \ul Directions\ulnone \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl360\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 {\listtext	1.	}In a large bowl, mix together the beans, celery, red pepper, and red onion\
{\listtext	2.	}In a separate\'a0small bowl, whisk together the olive oil, red wine vinegar, minced garlic and oregano. Add the\'a0vinaigrette to the bean mixture and adjust for salt and pepper.\
{\listtext	3.	}If possible, chill for at least one hour to allow the flavors to mingle.\
\pard\tx560\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural
\cf3 \
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\ql\qnatural

\f0\b \cf3 INGREDIENTS\cb4 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl300\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\b0\fs26 \cf3 \cb1 		12 ounces {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.chow.com/ingredients/99"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 green beans}}, trimmed and cut into 1-inch pieces (about 3 cups)\
		6 small {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.chow.com/ingredients/80"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 radishes}}, ends trimmed, halved lengthwise, and thinly sliced (about 3/4 cup)\
		1 (15-ounce) can cannellini beans, drained and rinsed\
		1 (15-ounce) can red kidney beans, drained and rinsed\
		1/2 medium {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.chow.com/ingredients/94"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 shallot}}, minced\
		1/4 cup sherry vinegar\
		2 tablespoons brined {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.chow.com/ingredients/273"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 capers}}, drained and coarsely chopped\
		2 tablespoons fresh {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.chow.com/ingredients/203"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 Italian parsley}}, finely chopped\
		2 tablespoons {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.chow.com/ingredients/298"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 granulated sugar}}\
		1/4 cup vegetable oil\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\ql\qnatural

\b\fs24 \cf3 INSTRUCTIONS\cb4 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl380\ql\qnatural
\ls3\ilvl0
\b0\fs26 \cf3 \cb1 {\listtext	.	}Prepare an ice water bath by filling a bowl halfway with ice and water; set aside. Bring a large pot of heavily salted water to a boil over high heat. Add green beans and cook until just tender, about 3 minutes. Strain beans and plunge the strainer into the water bath until the beans are cool. Remove beans from the water bath and spread out on a clean kitchen towel or a paper towel to dry.\
{\listtext	.	}When green beans are cool, transfer to a large bowl and add radishes, cannellini beans, and kidney beans; set aside.\
{\listtext	.	}Combine shallot, vinegar, capers, parsley, and sugar in a medium nonreactive bowl. While whisking continuously, add oil in a steady stream until completely incorporated. Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.\
{\listtext	.	}Add vinaigrette to bean mixture and toss gently to combine. Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper as needed. Serve at room temperature or chilled.
\f1\fs24 \cf3 \
}