{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17020\viewh17040\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs50 \cf0 Chocolate Sandwich Cookies\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs30 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 12 sandwich cookies\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Cookies:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 cup plus 2 tablespoons {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/flour/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 all-purpose flour}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/3 cup unsweetened cocoa powder\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon baking powder\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon baking soda\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 teaspoon fine {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sea-salt/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 sea salt}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup (1 stick) {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/butter/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 unsalted butter}}, at room temperature\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 packed cup light {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sugar/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 brown sugar}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 large egg, at room temperature\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon pure vanilla extract\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 heaped cup (6 ounces) 60 percent cacao bittersweet chocolate chips (recommended: Ghirardelli)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Filling:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}4 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 1/2 cups powdered sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon pure {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/extracts/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 vanilla extract}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}Assorted food coloring, optional\
{\listtext	\'95	}Water, as needed\
{\listtext	\'95	}Special equipment: a 1-ounce {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/ice-cream/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 ice cream}} or cookie scoop\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 Cookies: Put an oven rack in the center of the oven. Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper or silicone mats. Set aside.\
In a medium bowl, whisk together the flour, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cocoa-powder/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cocoa powder}}, baking powder, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/baking-soda/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 baking soda}}, and salt. Using an electric stand mixer fitted with a paddle attachment, beat the butter and sugars together until fluffy. Beat in the egg and vanilla. With the machine running, gradually add the flour mixture until just blended. Stir in the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/chocolate/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 chocolate chips}}. Using a 1-ounce ice cream or cookie scoop, form 12 equal-sized pieces of dough onto each baking sheet. With damp hands, form the dough into balls. Flatten the tops of the dough slightly and bake until the tops of the cookies begin to crack slightly, about 14 minutes. Cool for 5 minutes. Transfer the cookies to a wire rack to cool completely, about 20 minutes.\
Filling: In a medium bowl, using an electric mixer, beat the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cream-cheese/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cream cheese}} and vanilla together until fluffy. Gradually add the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/powdered-sugar/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 powdered sugar}} and mix until smooth. Color the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/frosting/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 frosting}} by mixing in the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/food-coloring/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 food coloring}}, 1 drop of at a time, until the desired color is reached. Add water, if needed, 1/2 teaspoon at a time, to make the consistency spreadable.\
Spread the frosting on the flat side of half of the cookies and put the remaining cookies on top. Refrigerate for 30 minutes to allow the filling to stiffen slightly. Serve at room temperature.\
}