{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 Tahoma;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red51\green51\blue51;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww19800\viewh21320\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\sa280\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs54 \cf0 Chocolate-Molasses Cookies\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa200\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs42 \cf0 These cookies should be very soft when they come out of the oven; be careful not to overbake them. As they cool, they will firm up a bit and develop a chewy texture.
\fs34 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs32 \cf0 Yield 
\b0\fs34 Makes 36\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa260\ql\qnatural

\f2\fs52 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sl320\sa120\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl1
\f1\fs44 \cf0 		4 ounces semisweet chocolate\
		8 tablespoons (1 stick) unsalted butter\
		1 1/4 cups all-purpose flour\
		2 tablespoons unsweetened cocoa powder\
		1/4 teaspoon baking soda\
		1/4 teaspoon salt\
		2/3 cup light-brown sugar\
		1 large egg, lightly beaten\
		2 tablespoons dark, unsulfured molasses\
		1 teaspoon vanilla extract\
		Confectioners' sugar, for dusting (optional)\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\sa120\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 		\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa260\ql\qnatural

\f2\fs52 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\sa360\ql\qnatural
\ls3\ilvl0
\f1\fs44 \cf0 {\listtext	1.	}Preheat oven to 350 degrees. In a large bowl, melt chocolate and butter in the microwave on high in 30-second increments, stirring after each, until chocolate is almost melted. Stir to finish melting; let cool.\
{\listtext	2.	}In a separate bowl, whisk together flour, cocoa, baking soda, and salt. Add brown sugar, egg, molasses, and vanilla to the cooled chocolate mixture, whisking to combine. Add flour mixture, and stir to combine.\
{\listtext	3.	}Scoop up dough by the tablespoon, and roll into balls; place 2 inches apart on an ungreased baking sheet. Bake until tops are crackly but cookies are still soft to the touch, about 12 minutes. \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls3\ilvl0
\f3\b\fs46 \cf2  
\b0\fs54 Vanilla Icing
\fs46  (optional)\
\ls3\ilvl0
\fs34 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls3\ilvl0\cf2 		
\fs44 2 cups powdered sugar\
		2 Tbs. butter, softened\
		1 tsp. vanilla\
		3-4 Tbs. milk\
		\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls3\ilvl0\cf2 For the icing, mix all the ingredients in a small bowl.\'a0 Add milk gradually until it is spreading consistency.\'a0 Ice the cooled cookies.
\f1\fs58 \cf0 \
}