{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red142\green141\blue141;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww19360\viewh20240\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 Chocolate Gin Soaked Raisin Cookie 
\fs24  
\b0     
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240

\f2\fs26 \cf0 Makes: 12 Large Cookies\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ri0\sa80

\f2\fs36 \cf0  1/2    cup golden raisins\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0  1/3    cup gin\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1\fs24 \cf0  
\f2\fs36 3       cups sifted confectioners sugar (sift before
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ri0\sa80

\f2\fs36 \cf0           measuring)\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1\fs24 \cf0  
\f2\fs36 2/3    cup sifted unsweetened cocoa powder
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
\cf0  
\f2\fs36 1       teaspoon instant espresso powder
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720

\f2\fs36 \cf0  2       tablespoons all-purpose flour (unsifted)\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1\fs24 \cf0  
\f2\fs36 1/8    teaspoon salt
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
\cf0  
\f2\fs36 3       large egg whites
\f1\fs24 \
 
\f2\fs36 1/2    teaspoon vanilla
\f1\fs24 \
 \
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ri-5820

\f2\fs36 \cf0 Combine raisins and gin in a cup and let stand at least 8
\f1\fs24  
\f2\fs36 hours to macerate.\

\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs36 Preheat oven to 350\'baF. \
Butter and flour 2 large bakiing sheets, shaking off excess flour.
\f0\fs24 \

\f1 \

\f2\fs36 Mix confectioners sugar, cocoa, espresso powder, flour, and salt with an electric mixer at lo\
speed.\

\f1\fs24  \

\f2\fs36 Add egg whites and vanilla and continue mixing until
\f1\fs24  
\f2\fs36 smooth.
\f0\fs24 \

\f1 \

\f2\fs36 Drain raisins in a sieve, without pressing, then add raisins to dough.  Stir until thorough \
mixed. (Dough will be thick and sticky.)
\f0\fs24 \

\f1 \

\f2\fs36 Working quickly, drop 1/4 cup dough for each cookie onto a baking sheet, spacing cookies a\
least 3 inches apart, and gently pat down each mound to about 1/2 inch thick.
\f0\fs24 \

\f1 \

\f2\fs36 Bake cookies, 1 sheet at a time, in middle of oven, rotating sheet halfway through baking, 15 \
to 17 minutes total, or until cookies appear cracked and centers are just set.
\f0\fs24 \

\f1 \

\f2\fs36 Cool cookies on sheet 1 minute, then transfer carefully to a rack to cool completely.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ri-5820\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ri-5820

\f2\b\fs36 \cf2 COOKS\'92 NOTES:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ri-5820

\b0 \cf0 You can soak raisins in gin up to 1 week. Cookies keep in an airtight container at room\
temperature 5 days.\
}