{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16520\viewh19880\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Chocolate Almond Fudge Bars\

\b0\fs44 3 dozen\
\
Vegetable oil cooking spray\
27 store-bought chocolate wafers (6 ounces)\
1 T. plus 1 1/2 t. sugar\
Table Salt\
1 stick plus 2 T. unsalted butter\
1 pound bittersweet or semisweet chocolate, chopped\
1 can (14 ounces) sweetened condensed milk\
1/4 c. whole milk\
1/2 t. pure vanilla extract\
1/2 c. toasted sliced almonds\
Coarse salt, preferably fleur de  sel\
\
Preheat oven to 400 degrees.  Coat a 9-by-13-inch baking dish with cooking spray,\
and line with parchment paper, leaving 2-inch overhang on long sides.\
Spray parchment.\
Pulse wafers in a food processor until finely ground, and transfer to bowl.\
Add sugar and a pinch of salt.  Melt 6 tablespoons of butter; and stir into crumbs.  Press into bottom of dish. \
Bake for 10 minutes.\
Heat chocolate, condensed milk, remaining 4 tablespoons butter, and a pinch of table salt in a double \
boiler or a heatproof bowl set over a pan of simmering water, stirring until melted. Stir in vanilla. \
Pour chocolate mixture over cookie layer, smoothing top with an offset spatula.\
Sprinkle sliced almonds and coarse salt over top, pressing slightly to adhere.  Refrigerate until firm.\
Remove fudge from dish using parchment to lift, and transfer to cutting board; remove parchment.  \
Trim edges of fudge with sharp knife, and cut crosswise into six 2-inch wide strips.  Cut each strip crosswise into 3 equal bars, then cut each bar in half on the diagonal to form 36 triangles.\
\

\fs42 \
 }