{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red51\green51\blue51;\red4\green4\blue4;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12500\viewh13060\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa120\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs50 \cf2 Fudgy Meringue Cookies\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\f1\i\fs34 \cf0 These rich treats aren't cookie-jar cookies\'97they're best the day they're made.
\i0\fs26 \

\f0\fs40 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\ql\qnatural

\f1\b\fs34 \cf3 INGREDIENTS
\f0\b0\fs50 \cf2 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl300\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\fs36 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}Nonstick vegetable oil spray\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup bittersweet chocolate chips (do not exceed 61% cacao; about 6 ounces), divided\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 cups powdered sugar, divided\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/3 cup unsweetened cocoa powder\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 teaspoons cornstarch\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 large egg whites, room temperature\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/8 teaspoon cream of tartar\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl360\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\b\fs32 \cf3 TEST-KITCHEN TIP
\fs40 \cf0 \uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs36 For perfect meringue, use room-temperature egg whites and super-clean equipment: Any trace of oil in the bowl or on the beaters could cause a meringue meltdown.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\ql\qnatural

\b\fs34 \cf3 PREPARATION
\fs40 \cf0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl300\ql\qnatural
\ls3\ilvl0
\b0\fs36 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}Position 1 rack in top third and 1 rack in bottom third of oven and preheat to 350\'b0F. Coat 2 large rimmed baking sheets with nonstick spray. Place 1/2 cup chocolate chips in small microwave-safe bowl. Cook in 15-second intervals until chocolate softens; stir until melted and smooth. Cool chocolate to lukewarm, about 10 minutes. Whisk 1/2 cup sugar, cocoa, and cornstarch in small bowl to blend.\
{\listtext	\'95	}Using electric mixer, beat room-temperature egg whites, vanilla, 1/8 teaspoon salt, and cream of tartar in medium bowl until soft peaks form. Add remaining 1 cup sugar in 4 additions, beating just to blend after each addition. Continue to beat until meringue is thick and glossy like marshmallow creme, about 2 minutes longer. Beat in cocoa mixture. Fold in melted chocolate, then 1/2 cup chips.\
{\listtext	\'95	}Drop batter by rounded tablespoonfuls onto prepared sheets, spacing 3 inches apart. Bake cookies 7 minutes. Reverse sheets and bake until dry-looking and cracked, about 6 minutes. Cool cookies on sheets 5 minutes. Transfer cookies to racks and cool completely.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\
}