{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red61\green61\blue61;\red6\green124\blue174;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww18360\viewh18140\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs76 \cf0 Apple Brown Betty 
\b0\fs48 \
Yield:4 to 6 servings\
\

\b\fs60 Ingredients
\b0 \
1 stick unsalted butter, melted, plus more for baking dish\
4 tablespoons sugar\
6 Granny Smith apples, peeled, cored and cut into small wedges\
1 lemon, juiced\
3/4 cup packed light brown sugar\
1 tablespoon ground cinnamon\
Pinch ground nutmeg\
Pinch salt\
1/4 cup apple brandy (recommended: Calvados)\
1 loaf brioche bread, crusts discarded and bread cubed\
1 quart vanilla bean ice cream, for serving\
Powdered sugar, for garnish\
\

\b Directions
\b0 \
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.\
Butter and sugar a baking dish and reserve the remaining sugar.\
In a large mixing bowl combine apple wedges, lemon juice, brown sugar, spices, salt and apple brandy. Toss to combine evenly. In a separate mixing bowl add bread cubes, pour in the melted butter and toss to coat evenly. Layer bread cubes in the bottom of the baking dish followed by apples and repeat this so you have 2 layers of each. Press gently on top of the fillings to compact slightly. Pour any remaining liquid over the apples and bread cubes. Sprinkle with the remaining sugar and bake in the oven for 35 to 40 minutes, or until the top is golden. Remove from the oven and allow to cool. Serve topped with a scoop of ice cream and powdered sugar.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b\fs54 \cf0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs82 \cf0 Crisp Topping
\fs72  \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa140\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f2 \cf2 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs68 Ingredients
\f1\fs72 \cf0  
\fs44 \cf2 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl420\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0 \cf2   
\fs62 \'95  1 1/2 cups flour\
{\listtext	\'95	}3/4 cup granulated sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}3/4 cup light brown sugar, packed\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/salt/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 kosher salt}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup oatmeal\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 pound cold unsalted butter, diced
\fs44 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa140\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f2\b\fs68 \cf2 Directions
\fs72  
\f1\b0\fs62 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa180\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 Combine the flour, sugars, salt, oatmeal, and cold butter in the bowl of an electric {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/mixer/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 mixer}} fitted with the paddle attachment. Mix on low speed until the mixture is crumbly and the butter is the size of peas. Scatter evenly over the apples.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs82 \cf0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs64 \cf0  
\fs62 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs76 \cf0 \

\fs54 \
\
\
\
}