{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13940\viewh14680\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs86 \cf0 Chipotle Porky Joe Sliders
\fs80 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs56 \cf0 Yield:  12 sliders\

\fs54 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\ql\qnatural

\b\fs78 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0\fs66 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon coriander seeds\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon cumin seeds\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup olive oil\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 pounds medium-ground pork butt\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 ounces bacon, ground or finely chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}Kosher salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 medium onion, chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 jalapeno, seeded if desired, minced\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}3 cloves garlic, minced\
{\listtext	\'95	}12 ounces canned chopped San Marzano tomatoes\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons dark brown sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons white wine vinegar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 chipotle in adobo, roughly chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 burger or 12 slider buns\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 cups fresh cilantro sprigs, leafy tips only, for garnish\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\ql\qnatural

\b\fs78 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs66 \cf0 In a small pan over medium heat, add the coriander and cumin and cook until toasted and aromatic, about 2 minutes. Grind if desired, or leave whole. 
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 Heat a large Dutch oven over medium heat, and add 2 tablespoons oil. Add the pork and bacon, sprinkle with the toasted spices and a generous pinch of salt, and cook until brown, stirring occasionally. 
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 Meanwhile, in a medium saute pan over medium heat, add the remaining oil and the onions, cook 1 minute. Add the jalapenos, cook 1 minute. Add the garlic, cook, stirring until the garlic softens slightly and becomes aromatic. Transfer the contents of the pan to the Dutch oven. Add the tomatoes, sugar, vinegar and chipotle in adobo. Simmer over low heat for 20 minutes. Serve on your favorite toasted burger or slider bun topped with a big pinch of cilantro.\
}