{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red81\green30\blue0;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17580\viewh20280\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa560\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs82 \cf2 Homemade Pizza Dough\

\f1\fs48 \cf0 Yield: Makes 2 10-12-inch pizzas\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs54 \cf2 INGREDIENTS 
\f1\b0 \cf0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 cups warm water (105\'b0F-115\'b0F)\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 package (2 1/4 teaspoons) of active dry yeast \
{\listtext	\'95	}3 1/2 cups bread flour \
{\listtext	\'95	}2 Tbsp olive oil\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 teaspoons salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon sugar\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b \cf2 DIRECTIONS
\f1 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf0 In the large bowl of a heavy duty electric mixer, add the warm water. Sprinkle on the yeast and let sit for 5 minutes until the yeast is dissolved. Stir to dissolve completely if needed at the end of 5 minutes.\
Attach a mixing paddle to the mixer. Mix in the olive oil, flour, salt and sugar on low speed for about a minute. Remove the mixing paddle and replace with a dough hook. Knead using the mixer and dough hook, on low to medium speed, until the dough is smooth and elastic, about 10 minutes. If the dough seems a little too wet, sprinkle on a bit more flour.\uc0\u8232 Place ball of dough in a bowl that has been coated lightly with olive oil. Turn the dough around in the bowl so that it gets coated with the oil. Cover with plastic wrap. Let sit in a warm place (75-85\'b0F) until it doubles in size, about 1 to 1 1/2 hours (or several hours longer, a longer rise will improve the flavor). If you don't have a warm spot in the house you can heat the oven to 150 degrees, and then turn off the oven. Let the oven cool till it is just a little warm, then place the bowl of dough in warmed oven to rise.\
}