{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14340\viewh14900\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs78 \cf0 Lasagna Rollups
\b0\fs52 \
Yield:  6 servings\
\

\b\fs64 Ingredients
\b0\fs58 \

\b Noodles
\b0 \
1 pound lasagna noodles\
Nonstick cooking spray, for spraying baking sheet\

\b Sauce
\b0 \
2 tablespoons olive oil\
4 cloves garlic, minced\
1 package (16 ounces) Italian Ground Sausage\
1 medium onion, diced\
1 red bell pepper, diced\
24 ounces white mushrooms, chopped\
2 zucchini, diced\
1/2 cup white wine\
1/2 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes\
Salt and freshly ground black pepper\
One 28-ounce can diced tomatoes, drained\
1/4 cup tomato paste\
1/4 cup chopped fresh parsley\

\b Ricotta Mix
\b0 \
32 ounces ricotta\
1/2 cup grated Parmesan\
2 large eggs\
Salt and freshly ground black pepper\
1 1/2 pounds shredded fresh mozzarella\
Grated Parmesan, for sprinkling\
\

\b\fs64 Directions
\b0\fs58 \
Special equipment: six 8-by-4-inch aluminum foil loaf pans\

\b\fs60 For the noodles:
\b0  Cook the noodles according to the package instructions. Spray a baking sheet with cooking spray. Drain the noodles and transfer them to the prepared sheet.\

\b For the sauce:
\b0\fs58  In a skillet, cook sausage until pork is no longer pink. Drain and set aside.\
Heat the olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the garlic and onions and cook for a minute. Add the red peppers and saute for another minute or so. Add the mushrooms and zucchini and cook for a few minutes. Pour in the wine, add the red pepper flakes and some salt and pepper and stir. Pour in the tomatoes, using your hands to squeeze and crush the tomatoes, and add the tomato paste. Add browned and drained saugage. Stir to combine, bring to a simmer and let simmer for 20 minutes or so. Stir in the parsley.\

\b\fs60 For the ricotta mix:
\b0\fs58  In a bowl, combine the ricotta, Parmesan, eggs, 1/4 teaspoon salt and some pepper.\

\b To assemble:
\b0  Grab a foil loaf pan and spoon in 1/4 to 1/2 cup of the sauce on the bottom of the pan. Lay out 3 noodles and spoon 1/4 cup of the ricotta mix on each and spread evenly. Roll each noodle tightly and place the rolled noodles in the loaf pan on top of the sauce. Top with more sauce and sprinkle with shredded mozzarella and Parmesan. Repeat with the remaining ingredients. Cook immediately, or cover with foil and freeze.\
To cook immediately, bake, uncovered, at 350 degrees F until bubbly, about 25 minutes. To cook frozen, remove the loaf pans from the freezer and bake, covered, at 350 degrees F for 40 minutes. Uncover and bake until the cheese is nice and bubbly, an additional 10 minutes.\
\
}