{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww18720\viewh18580\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs62 \cf0 Pesto Chicken Panini\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs46 \cf2 Serves:
\b   
\b0 \cf0 4 servings
\f0\fs38 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs50 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs58 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs54 \cf0 16-oz.  package chicken tenders, rinsed and patted dry\
\'bd  c.    prepared pesto
\fs42 \

\fs54 \'bd  c.    mayonnaise
\fs42 \

\fs54 1          loaf ciabatta bread, sliced in half horizontally
\fs42 \

\fs54 4          slices pre-sliced mozzarella
\fs42 \

\fs54 1   c.    baby spinach, rinsed and patted dry
\fs42 \

\fs54 2          tomatoes, sliced
\fs42 \

\fs54 15        fresh basil leaves
\fs42 \

\fs54 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b\fs58 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs54 \cf0 In a plastic bag, combine chicken tenders and 1/4 cup of pesto, set aside and let sit for 15 minutes.\
In a small bowl, stir together 1/4 cup pesto and mayonnaise. Spread mixture on both sides of ciabatta; set aside.
\fs42 \

\fs54 Preheat an oiled grill pan over medium-high heat. Grill chicken tenders 5 minutes per side. Remove and let rest for 5 minutes. Turn the heat down to medium and re-oil the grill pan.
\fs42 \

\fs54 Place cheese on both halves of bread. Add arugula, then tomato, then basil leaves, then pesto chicken to bottom piece. Top with top half of bread. Place onto the grill pan and place a heavy pan on top of the sandwich. Grill for 3 minutes per side or until cheese starts to melt.
\fs42 \

\fs54 Cut into 4 portions and serve.
\fs42 \
}