{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red82\green82\blue82;\red51\green51\blue51;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww19440\viewh20280\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl540\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs74 \cf2 Shrimp Kebabs with Ginger-Soy Vinaigrette
\fs64 \

\f1\b0\fs48 Makes:  4 servings\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl540\ql\qnatural

\fs58 \cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl540\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs62 \cf2 Ingredients
\fs58 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl540\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0 \cf2 		1 clove garlic, minced\
		1/4 cup rice wine vinegar\
		1/4 cup shallots, minced\
		2 Tbsp fresh ginger, peeled, minced\
		1 Tbsp soy sauce\
		1 tsp toasted sesame oil\
		1/2 cup canola oil\
		Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper\
		1 lb shrimp, 16-20 count, shelled and deveined\
		Splash extra virgin olive oil\
		Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper\
		8 12-inch bamboo skewers- soaked in water, 2 skewers each per kebab\
		Spring mix greens\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl540\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs62 \cf2 Preparation
\f1\fs58 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl540\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf2 In a small glass bowl, add all of the ingredients, except the oil.\'a0 Pour the oil in a slow steady stream, whisking constantly.\'a0 Adjust seasoning with salt and pepper to taste.
\b \

\b0 In a large bowl, toss shrimp in olive oil and season with salt and pepper, tossing to combine.\
Lay two water-soaked bamboo skewers equal distance, \'bd\'94 apart on a flat surface. With the first skewer, begin threading at the meaty end of the shrimp and carefully pierce through the tail with the second skewer.\'a0 Continue until you have 4 -5 shrimps per kebab. Adjust shrimp to fit evenly across skewers. Grill shrimp over well-oiled medium grill for 1-2 minutes per side. \'a0Remove shrimp from grill and keep warm. \

\fs56 Season greens with salt and pepper and toss with Ginger-Soy Vinaigrette. 
\f0\b\fs74 \

\f1\b0\fs56 Place greens on a large platter and place Grilled-Shrimp skewers on top of greens.}