{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs56 \cf0 Flourless Chocolate Souffle with Raspberry Cream\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs36 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 4 servings\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\fs32 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs46 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cream/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 heavy cream}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons confectioners' sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 cups frozen {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/raspberry/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 raspberries}} (IQF), thawed\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 teaspoons butter for greasing ramekins\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon sugar for ramekins\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 ounces {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/chocolate/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 semisweet chocolate}}, finely chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}1-ounce {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/chocolate/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 unsweetened chocolate}}, finely chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup whole milk\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 large egg whites\
{\listtext	\'95	}Pinch salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 large egg yolks\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs46 \cf0 Whip the cream in a chilled bowl until semi-stiff. Add confectioners' sugar and whip until stiff. Refrigerate. Puree raspberries in a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/food-processor/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 food processor}}, then pass them through a sieve; fold this into the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cream/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 whipped cream}} and reserve until later.\
Preheat oven to 400 degrees. Butter 4-1/2 cup capacity ramekins and lightly dust the insides with sugar; set aside.\
In a small {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/saucepan/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 saucepan}}, combine the semisweet and unsweetened chocolates with the milk. Melt over low heat, stirring constantly. The minute the chocolates are melted, remove the saucepan from the heat and transfer the melted chocolate to a small bowl and cool to room temperature.\
Whip the egg whites with a pinch of salt until they are soft. Add the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sugar/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 granulated sugar}} and whip until stiff but not dry. Whisk the yolks into the cooled melted chocolate. Fold 1/4 of the whites into the chocolate mixture to lighten it, then fold the lightened chocolate mixture back int the egg whites. Spoon the mixture into the ramekins and bake for 10 to 12 minutes. The souffles should remain moist in the center.\
To serve, bring the souffles to the table and serve {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/raspberry/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 raspberry}} cream on the side. Each diner should break the souffle open with a spoon and add raspberry cream in the center\
}