{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;\f1\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red153\green153\blue153;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww19180\viewh19500\viewkind0
\deftab1134
\pard\pardeftab1134\sl360\sa240\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs48 \cf0 Skillet Lemon Souffl\'e9                                                                                     
\b\fs34 Serves 6
\b0\fs48                                                                    
\f1\fs36 \
\pard\pardeftab1134\sl360\sa360\ql\qnatural

\f0\i\fs34 \cf0 Don\'92t open the oven door during the first seven minutes of baking, but do check the souffl\'e9 regularly for doneness during the final few minutes in the oven. Be ready to serve the souffl\'e9 immediately after removing it from the oven. A 10-inch skillet is essential to getting the right texture and height.\
\pard\pardeftab1134\sl360\ql\qnatural

\i0\b\fs40 \cf0 INGREDIENTs\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab1134\li720\fi-720\ri-612\sl520\ql\qnatural
\cf0 		 5
\b0  large eggs , separated
\f1\fs42 \
\pard\pardeftab1134\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs40 \cf0           1/4
\b0  teaspoon cream of tartar
\f1\fs42 \

\f0\b\fs40           2/3
\b0  cup granulated sugar (4 3/4 ounces)
\f1\fs42 \

\f0\b\fs40           1/8
\b0  teaspoon table salt
\f1\fs42 \

\f0\b\fs40           1/3
\b0  cup juice and 1 teaspoon grated zest from 2 to 3 lemons
\f1\fs42 \

\f0\b\fs40           2
\b0  tablespoons unbleached all-purpose flour
\f1\fs42 \

\f0\b\fs40           1
\b0  tablespoon unsalted butter
\f1\fs42 \

\f0\b\fs40          
\b0  Confectioners' sugar , for dusting
\f1\fs42 \
\pard\pardeftab1134\sl360\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs40 \cf0 INSTRUCTIONS\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab1134\li720\fi-720\ri-8172\sl360\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf0     Adjust oven rack to middle position and heat oven to 375 degrees. Using stand\
    mixer, whip egg whites and cream of tartar together on medium-low speed until\
    foamy, about 1 minute. Slowly add 1/3 cup sugar and salt, then increase speed to\
    medium-high and continue to whip until stiff peaks form, 3 to 5 minutes. Gently\
    transfer whites to clean bowl and set aside.\
\pard\pardeftab1134\ql\qnatural
\cf0     Using stand mixer (no need to wash mixing bowl), whip yolks and remaining 1/3  \
    cup sugar together on medium-high speed until pale and thick, about 1 minute. \
    Whip in lemon juice, zest, and flour until incorporated, about 30 seconds.
\f1\fs42 \

\f0\fs40     Whisk \'bc of whipped egg whites into yolk mixture until almost no white streaks\
    remain. Gently fold in remaining egg whites until just incorporated. 
\f1\fs42 \

\f0\fs40     Melt butter in 10-inch ovenproof skillet over medium-low heat. Swirl pan to coat\
    evenly with melted butter, then gently scrape souffl\'e9 batter into skillet and cook\
    until edges begin to set and bubble slightly, about 2 minutes. 
\f1\fs42 \

\f0\fs40     Transfer skillet to oven and bake souffl\'e9 until puffed, center jiggles slightly when\
    shaken, and surface is golden, 7 to 11 minutes. Using potholder (skillet handle will\
    be hot), remove skillet from oven. Dust souffl\'e9 with confectioners\'92 sugar and serve\
    immediately.
\f1\fs42 \
\pard\pardeftab1134\sl360\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs40 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab1134\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs36 \cf0 \
}