{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red100\green121\blue15;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15060\viewh20840\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl560\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd-4\expndtw-20
 Meyer Lemon Marmalade\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\qj

\b0\fs26 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 6-7 1/2 pint jars\
 
\b\fs48 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd-4\expndtw-20
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa60\ql\qnatural

\fs38 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Ingredients.
\b0\fs32 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}2.5 lbs. Meyer Lemons\
{\listtext	\'95	}8 C Water\
{\listtext	\'95	}6-6.5 C Sugar\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa60\ql\qnatural

\b\fs38 \cf0 Day 1.\'a0
\b0\fs32 \'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa260\qj
\cf0 1.\'a0Chill lemons in the fridge for an hour or two (
\i this is optional \'96 it makes it easier to slice the lemons thinner
\i0 ).\
2.\'a0Halve the lemons crosswise and cut out the centers \
3.\'a0Holding the lemon over a bowl, run your finger down the middle of the lemon to remove all the seeds.\'a0 Do this for each lemon.\'a0 Retain the juice and seeds and set aside.\
4.\'a0Slice the lemons into thin slices.\'a0 If you like the taste of candied lemons, don\'92t worry about getting them too thin \'96 maybe 1/4-1/8\'94.\'a0 If you\'92re not such a fan, cut them as thin as you can.\
5.\'a0Strain the retained juice and seeds from #3 and add to a large bowl.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa60\ql\qnatural

\b\fs38 \cf0 Day 2.
\b0\fs32 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa260\qj
\cf0 1.\'a0\'a0
\b Wash
\b0 \'a0the jars, lids, and rings in hot soapy water.\
2.\'a0\'a0
\b Sterilize
\b0 .\'a0\'a0Place the jars upright in the canner, cover them with hot water 2\'94 above the top of the jars, and boil vigorously for 10 minutes.\'a0 (
\i Add one additional minute for each 1,000 feet you are higher than sea level.
\i0 )\'a0 I generally place my rings and all other utensils in the bath as well \'96 doesn\'92t hurt.\'a0 Just don\'92t boil the lids as the rubber may melt.\'a0 Leave them in the hot water until you\'92re ready to use them.\
3.\'a0\'a0
\b Simmer
\b0 \'a0the lemon and water in a large pot until the peels are tender.\'a0 A good test is to try to cut them with a wooden or plastic spoon:\'a0 if they break apart effortlessly, it\'92s done.\'a0 This takes me about 20-25 minutes.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa260\ql\qnatural
\cf0 4.\'a0\'a0
\b Add\'a0the sugar
\b0  (
\i 6 cups for a little less sweet, 6.5 for a little more sweet
\i0 ).\
5.\'a0\'a0
\b Boil rapidly
\b0 ,\'a0stirring frequently, until the mixture reaches the jelling point.\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa60\ql\qnatural

\b\fs38 \cf0 The Jelling Point.
\b0\fs32 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa260\qj
\cf0 I can tell you that this sounds like a big mystery, but after two times of making this recipe, I understood it very well.\'a0 The books talk about a spoon test, quick-chill test, and temperature test.\'a0 The first two are judgement calls and if you\'92re new at this I wouldn\'92t recommend it.\'a0 Just buy a $5 candy thermometer.\'a0 When the mixture begins to boil, you\'92ll want to start tracking the temperature.\'a0 Stop when it gets to be 8-10 degrees over the boiling point of water:\'a0 between 220F and 222F.\'a0\'a0\
Other signs that you\'92ve reached the jelling point:\'a0 you\'92ll feel it becoming more difficult to stir, the boiling will start to sound like it\'92s spitting at you, the bubbles will become smaller on the outside of the pot and bigger on the inside, the stuff gels on your thermometer\'85.\'a0 lots of signs.\
6.\'a0 
\b Skim
\b0  off any foam.\
7.\'a0\'a0
\b Ladle
\b0 \'a0into hot, sterile jars.\'a0\'a0Use the funnel so that you avoid getting marmalade on the rim of the jar.\'a0 Fill to 1/4\'94 below the top of the jar (
\i ie, 1/4\'94 headspace
\i0 ).\
8.\'a0 Before putting on the lids, stir slowly and push the liquid down to 
\b remove any air pockets
\b0 .\'a0 Then carefully wipe the top of the jars with a\'a0clean towel.\'a0 (
\i I dip the towel in the boiling water first, as the liquid can be sticky
\i0 .)\
9.\'a0 
\b Dunk the lids
\b0  into the boiling water, or pour boiling water over them in a bowl to soften and sterilize them.\'a0\'a0Set the lids on\'a0the jars, and screw on the rings firmly, but stop when you feel resistance.\
10.\'a0\'a0
\b Place
\b0  each of the jars into the jar rack\'a0in the water canner.\'a0 Make sure they have at least 2\'94 between one another so that water can circulate between them.\
11.\'a0\'a0
\b Lower
\b0  the rack\'a0into the canner.\'a0 Top the water in the canner so that water is at least 2\'94 above the top jar.\'a0 Cover, and boil.\'a0\'a0\
12.\'a0 After it reaches a full boil, set a timer and\'a0
\b boil
\b0  the jars in the water for 10 minutes.\'a0 (
\i At 1,000-3,000\'92 above sea level, add 5 minutes; at 3,001-6,000\'92 add 10 minutes, and so on
\i0 .)\
13.\'a0Immediately 
\b remove
\b0 \'a0jars with a jar lifter, and place them on a drying rack or clean towel.\'a0 Make sure they are spaced at least 1\'94 apart for air circulation, but don\'92t put them in front of an open window or in any kind of draft.\'a0 Also don\'92t tighten the metal rings.\'a0 Very soon you\'92ll hear a popping sound as the jars cool.\
14.\'a0\'a0
\b Cool
\b0 \'a0the jars at room temperature for 12-24 hours.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa60\ql\qnatural

\b\fs38 \cf0 Day 3.
\b0\fs32 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa260\qj
\cf0 1.\'a0\'a0
\b Test the Seals
\b0 .\'a0\'a0Remove the metal rings and check to see that the lids have curved down slightly in the center.\'a0 Then press the center of the lid.\'a0 It should not move.\
2.\'a0 Jars that did not seal properly should be reprocessed (
\i within 24 hours
\i0 ), frozen, or used in the next few days.\
3.\'a0 With metal rings still removed, wipe the jars clean with a damp cloth.\'a0 If you see food caught between the lid and the rim, note this on the jar and use this jar soon.\'a0 Replace the metal ring.\'a0\
4.\'a0Label\'a0your jars with the contents and date.\'a0 You can do this with a label or mark the top of the lid with a Sharpie.\
5.\'a0 Store in a cool, dark place between 45F and 60F.\'a0 Use within one year.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa260\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa260\ql\qnatural

\fs26 \cf0 \'a0\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa260\qj
\cf0 \
\'a0\
\
\'a0}