{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red41\green41\blue41;\red36\green36\blue36;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww22980\viewh20020\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs96 \cf2 \shad\shadx0\shady-20\shadr0\shado255 \shadc0 Caramelized Onion Jam
\fs74 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl520\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs62 \cf3 \shad0 Yields:  5 quarter pints
\b\fs74 \cf2 \shad\shadx0\shady-20\shadr0\shado255 \shadc0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs62 \cf3 \shad0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl520\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf3 		
\fs78 4 tablespoons olive oil\
     6 onions, large diced\
		2/3 cup sugar\
		1/3 cup balsamic vinegar \
		1/2 cup brandy\
		1/3 cup honey\
		1 teaspoon salt\
		1/2 teaspoon ground pepper\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural
\cf3 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl520\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf3 		Heat oil in a large skillet, add onions and cook until soft and translucent on medium high heat.\
		Once softened, lower heat to medium or medium low, and continue to cook onions until brown and caramelized. This will take a while.\
		Add remaining ingredients and simmer on low stirring occasionally until the jam reaches the gel point. To test jam, place a small plate in the freezer for at least 10 minutes. When jam starts to get thick, remove from heat and spoon a bit onto the frozen plate, and place back in freezer for 2 minutes. If the jam barely moves and looks like a proper jam, it is done. If the jam pools juice and looks loose, place pot back on stove until thicker and test again.\
		Pour hot jam into clean hot quarter pint jars and boil in a water bath for 10 min (15 minutes for half pint jars). Let cool and store in a dark place. Refrigerate any excess.\'a0\
}