{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13540\viewh14500\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Easy Strawberry Jam
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\b \cf2 Makes: 
\b0 \cf0 3 cups\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs28 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}3 pints fresh strawberries\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 cups superfine sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/orange/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 orange}}-flavored liqueur (recommended: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/grand-marnier/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Grand Marnier}})\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/granny-smith-apple/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Granny Smith apple}}, peeled, cored and small-diced\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup fresh blueberries\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 Place the strawberries in a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/colander/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 colander}} and rinse them under cold running water. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/drain/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Drain}} and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/hull/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 hull}} the strawberries. Cut the larger berries in half or quarters and leave the small berries whole. Place the strawberries in a deep, heavy-bottomed pot such as heavy {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/dutch-oven/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Dutch oven}} and toss them with the sugar and orange-flavored {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/liqueur/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 liqueur}}.\
Bring the berry mixture to a boil over medium heat, stirring often. Add the apple and blueberries and continue to keep the mixture at a rolling boil, stirring occasionally, until the jam reaches 220 degrees on a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/candy/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 candy}} thermometer. This should take 25 to 35 minutes. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/skim/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Skim}} and discard any {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/foam/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 foam}} that rises to the top. Allow the mixture to cool to room temperature and then store covered in the refrigerator. It will keep refrigerated for at least 2 weeks. To keep the jam longer, pack and seal in canning jars according to the manufacturer's instructions.}