{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red33\green31\blue30;\red255\green248\blue195;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww19940\viewh19240\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa120\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs74 \cf0 Homemade Chilli Jelly
\fs34 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl500\sa120\ql\qnatural

\fs50 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl520\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\fs42 \cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}4 long red chillies, roughly chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 red peppers, seeds removed and roughly chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}300ml (9\'bdfl oz) cider vinegar\
{\listtext	\'95	}800g (1lb 10oz) granulated sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}3tbsp lemon juice\
{\listtext	\'95	}175ml (6fl oz) liquid pectin
\fs36 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl500\sa120\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs50 \cf0 Method\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl540\sa160\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\fs38 \cf2 {\listtext	
\fs44 .	}
\fs38 Place the chilli, peppers and vinegar in a food processor and pulse until chopped. Transfer the mixture to a large stainless steel saucepan. Add the sugar and the lemon juice. Bring to the boil, stirring to dissolve the sugar, then boil rapidly for 10 minutes.\
{\listtext	.	}Remove from the heat and stir in the pectin. Leave to cool for 10 minutes, then stir well and pour the jelly into sterilizing jars, seal and label.\
{\listtext	.	}This recipe is moderately hot and sweet. Add a pepper to the mix, as it means you get a good red colour without having too much heat, but if you fancy a hot jelly, mix in an extra chilli. You can also add other flavours to your jelly; a little grated fresh ginger is tasty, as are herbs such as thyme or rosemary. Simply add them to the food processor at the beginning of the recipe.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl580\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs60 \cf0 \cb3 top tips\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl520\sa360\ql\qnatural

\f1\i\fs42 \cf0 Make sure the pan you use is only half full when all the ingredients have to be added, as you need to allow space in the saucepan when the mixture is boiling. Stainless steel is best; avoid aluminum, as it may react with the ingredients.\
Pectin is the natural agent that causes preserves to set. When making jellies, add liquid pectin to the mixture as it causes it to set quickly but without overcooking. Jars of liquid pectin are available in most supermarkets.\
To sterilize your jars, either put them through the dishwashers or wash them out in hot, soapy water. If hand-washing, rinse the jars with boiling water and then drain on a clean tea towel before filling.\
To stop all the bits of chilli rising to the surface, let the saucepan stand for 10 minutes before spooning your jam into jars. After filling the jars, seal them immediately.\
}