{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red102\green102\blue102;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9420\viewh17460\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\li240\ri1200\sl360\sa240\qj

\f0\b\fs36 \cf2 Homemade Meyer Lemon Marmalade
\b0 \
1. Wash the lemons and set in a bowl.\
2. Cut the ends off the lemons and then slice in half length-wise.\
3. Slice out the pith in the lemon's inner core and set into a bowl to keep for later use. You should also set the lemon ends in this bowl.\
4. Remove the lemon's seeds and place into that bowl of pith and ends.\
5. Cut lemons into paper thin slices.\
6. Place lemon slices in a large pot, being sure to scrape the juice from the cutting board in as well so you retain the juices. Soak at least over night and up to two days.\
Here's the recipe we used. The sugar amount is flexible and should be determined by how sweet you like your marmalade. Kim and I both like ours a bit tart, so we used the lesser amount. When your batch is complete, you can either can the jam in hot jars, freeze it in plastic bags or containers, or refrigerate and then eat within a week or two.\

\b Ingredients
\b0 \uc0\u8232 
\b Makes: 
\b0 6 small or 3 large jars of jam\
5 cups thinly sliced lemons with the seeds, ends and inner pith removed and set aside\uc0\u8232 5 cups water\u8232 4-5 cups granulated sugar\u8232 
\b \uc0\u8232 Preparation:
\b0 \
1. Place lemon slices in a large pot and cover with water. Let steep overnight.\uc0\u8232 2. Once lemons have steeped, add the sugar to the pot and mix.\u8232 3. Place the seeds, pith and lemon ends in cheesecloth. Tie up and set into the mixture.\u8232 4. Bring the lemons to a boil and then reduce heat. Simmer for one hour.\u8232 5. Can or freeze.\
}