{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red103\green40\blue19;\red51\green51\blue51;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12640\viewh13440\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl460\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs68 \cf2 Hot Pepper Jelly
\fs52 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs38 \cf3 Yield: 5 half-pints
\fs48 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\fs16 \cf3 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\fs40 \cf3 For a milder flavor and different color, substitute a green bell pepper, jalapeno peppers for the habaneros and green food coloring.\
 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs56 \cf2 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl280\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\fs48 \cf3 		1-1/2 cups white vinegar\
		1 medium sweet red pepper, cut into wedges\
		2/3 cup chopped habanero peppers\
		6 cups sugar, 
\i divided
\i0 \
		2 pouches (3 ounces 
\i each
\i0 ) liquid fruit pectin\
		1 teaspoon red food coloring, optional\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl280\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b \cf3 		
\b0 cream cheese and crackers\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs56 \cf2 Directions\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl280\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\fs48 \cf3 		Place vinegar and peppers in a blender; cover and puree. Add 2 cups sugar; blend well. Pour into a saucepan. Stir in the remaining sugar; bring to a boil. Strain mixture and return to pan. Stir in pectin and food coloring if desired. Return to a rolling boil over high heat. Boil for 2\
		minutes, stirring constantly.
\fs56 \
\ls2\ilvl0
\fs48 		Remove from the heat; skim off foam. Carefully ladle hot mixture into hot sterilized half-pint jars, leaving 1/4-in. headspace. Remove air\
		bubbles, wipe rims and adjust lids. Process for 5 minutes in a boiling-water canner.
\fs56 \
\ls2\ilvl0
\fs48 		Serve with cream cheese on crackers. \
\ls2\ilvl0
\fs56 		\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\ql\qnatural

\b\fs44 \cf3 Note:
\b0  When cutting hot peppers, disposable gloves are recommended. Avoid touching your face. The processing time listed is for altitudes of 1,000 feet or less. Add 1 minute to the processing time for each 1,000 feet of additional altitude.}