{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green46\blue86;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15560\viewh15700\viewkind0
\deftab720

\itap1\trowd \taflags0 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trwWidth14000\trftsWidth3 \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clwWidth9120\clftsWidth3 \clmart10 \clmarl10 \clmarb10 \clmarr10 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt40 \clpadl40 \clpadb40 \clpadr40 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4680\clftsWidth3 \clmart10 \clmarl10 \clmarb10 \clmarr10 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt40 \clpadl40 \clpadb40 \clpadr40 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs68 \cf2 Orange Marmalade
\f1\fs52 \cf0 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\qr

\b0\fs32 \cf0 \cell \lastrow\row
\pard\pardeftab720\sa160\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \

\itap1\trowd \taflags0 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trwWidth14000\trftsWidth3 \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clwWidth13880\clftsWidth3 \clmart10 \clmarl10 \clmarb10 \clmarr10 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt40 \clpadl40 \clpadb40 \clpadr40 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sa320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 Ingredients:
\b0 \uc0\u8232 10 oranges\u8232 2 lemons \u8232 Sugar\

\b Directions:
\b0 \uc0\u8232 1. Wash the fruit thoroughly to remove any traces of pesticides. Weigh the oranges and lemons together and place them in a pot with the same quantity of water.\
2. Peel the fruit and cut the pulp into thin slices, removing the seeds and collecting all the juice. Eliminate the white part of the peel, then cut the peel into thin slices; place the pulp, the peel and the juice in the pot with the water. Let stand for a full day.\
3. The next day, cook the mixture until the peels are tender. Let cool. Put the pot back on the stove and add the sugar, in equal proportion to the mixture. For example: one kg. of sugar for one kg. of cooked fruit mixture. Keep stirring until the marmalade reaches the proper consistency and detaches from the spoon intermittently.\uc0\u8232 \u8232 4. Pour the boiling hot product into the glass jars, after rinsing them with hot water, and fill to about an inch from the top. Clean the mouth of the jars carefully and apply the lids, closing at once firmly but not too tightly. Turn the jars upside down on a dishtowel and leave them in this position for at least 5 minutes, then continue cooling at room temperature.\

\fs38 \cell \lastrow\row
}