{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Plum-Vanilla Preserves\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs32 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 4 8-ounce jars\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs36 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 pounds firm-ripe {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/plum/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 plums}}, cut into 1-inch pieces (with skin)\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 1/4 cups {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sugar/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 sugar}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/vanilla/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 vanilla beans}}, split lengthwise and halved crosswise\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 small {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cinnamon/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cinnamon sticks}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/lemon/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 lemon}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 pounds firm-ripe plumcots or {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/apricot/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 apricots}}, cut into 1-inch pieces (with skin)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 Start with our {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodnetwork.com/recipes-and-cooking/how-to-preserve/pictures/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 step-by-step canning how-to}}.\
Put the plums, sugar, vanilla beans and cinnamon sticks in a large, wide saucepan. Squeeze the lemon juice through a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/strainer/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 strainer}} into the pan. Cook over medium-high heat, stirring occasionally, until the sugar dissolves and the mixture boils, about 10 minutes.\
Reduce the heat to medium and continue to cook, stirring occasionally, until a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/candy/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 candy}} or {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/deep-fry/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 deep-fry}} thermometer registers 220 degrees F, about 30 minutes. (To be sure that the mixture has reached the gel point, spoon some onto a chilled plate and put in the freezer until cool. The liquid should set; if not, continue to cook and retest after a few more minutes.) Remove the pan from the heat and let cool 30 minutes.\
Meanwhile, sterilize four 8-ounce {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/canning/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 canning}} jars and lids.\
Return the plum mixture to medium-high heat. Bring to a boil, stirring, then add the plumcots. Reduce the heat to medium and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/simmer/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 simmer}} until the plumcots are tender, about 5 minutes. Discard the cinnamon sticks.\
Fill the jars with the plum mixture, leaving 1/2 inch headspace, then seal and process.}