{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red61\green61\blue61;\red6\green124\blue174;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11900\viewh14600\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri1000\sl500\sa80\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs62 \cf2 Raspberry Chile Chutney
\fs46 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa140\ql\qnatural

\fs30 \cf2 \

\fs46 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl420\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs48 \cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon olive oil\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 medium chopped {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/onion/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 onion}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 cloves garlic, minced\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup low-salt {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/broth/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 chicken broth}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 red bell pepper, chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/honey/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 honey}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1-inch piece fresh ginger, peeled and minced\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 tablespoons apple {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cider-vinegar/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 cider vinegar}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 canned {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/chipotle-chile/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 chipotle chile}} in adobo sauce, left whole\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 (6-ounce) container fresh raspberries or 1 cup frozen (thawed)\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup chopped fresh {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cilantro/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 cilantro}} leaves\
{\listtext	\'95	}Salt and freshly ground black pepper
\f0\b\fs58 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa140\ql\qnatural

\fs46 \cf2 \
Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa180\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs50 \cf2 Heat the olive oil in a large heavy {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/saucepan/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 saucepan}} over medium-high heat. Add the onion and cook until translucent, about 5 minutes. Add the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/garlic/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 garlic}} and cook for 30 seconds until {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/aromatic/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 aromatic}}. Add the chicken broth, bell pepper, honey, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/ginger/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 ginger}}, vinegar, and chipotle chile, and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to medium-low and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/simmer/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 simmer}} until the sauce thickens, about 2 1/2 hours. Add the raspberries and cook, stirring occasionally, for 15 minutes. Remove the pan from the heat and let the chutney cool slightly. Stir in the cilantro and season with salt and black pepper, to taste. ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/chutney/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 Chutney}} can be prepared 3 days in advance. Cool and store in the refrigerator).}