{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15960\viewh18520\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\sa280\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs52 \cf0 Strawberry Jam\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f1\b\fs30 \cf0 Yield  
\b0\fs32 Makes 48 ounces
\f0\fs52 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\sa280\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa200\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs40 \cf0 Use slightly underripe strawberries for best results. To extend the jam's shelf life, process in canning jars according to manufacturer's instructions.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs32 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa260\ql\qnatural

\f2\fs50 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sl320\sa120\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl1
\f1\fs42 \cf0 		4 pounds strawberries, rinsed, hulled, and cut into 1-inch pieces\
		5 cups granulated sugar (2 1/4 pounds)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa260\ql\qnatural

\f2\fs50 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\sa360\ql\qnatural
\ls3\ilvl0
\f1\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	1.	}Put a small plate in the freezer. Place berries in a nonreactive 10-quart stockpot set over medium-high heat. Using a wooden spoon, mix in 1/4 cup sugar with berries. Cook, stirring, until berries are juicy, 5 to 6 minutes. Stir in a third of remaining sugar until dissolved. Repeat until all the sugar has been added and dissolved, about 7 minutes total.\
{\listtext	2.	}Bring mixture to a full boil; cook, stirring, 10 minutes. Continue boiling; use a stainless-steel spoon to remove foam from surface. Boil until most of the liquid is absorbed, mixture thickens, and temperature registers 220 degrees.on a candy thermometer, about 30 minutes.\
{\listtext	3.	}Perform a gel test: Place a spoonful of jam on chilled plate, and return to freezer. Wait 1 to 2 minutes; remove plate from freezer, and gently press jam with fingertip; it should wrinkle slightly.\
{\listtext	4.	}After jam passes the gel test, remove from heat. Pour warm jam into jars; seal, label, and refrigerate up to 4 months.}