{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red51\green51\blue51;\red50\green50\blue50;\red0\green101\blue159;
}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww19320\viewh15980\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b\fs68 \cf2 Candied Orange Peel
\b0\fs38 \
Yield:  about 10 candied peels\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b \cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs54 \cf3 INGREDIENTS
\fs48 \cf2 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa260\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}1
\b0  large {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/navel-orange/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 navel orange}}\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa260\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\b \cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}3/4
\b0  cup {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sugar/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 sugar}}\cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\b\fs54 \cf2 DIRECTIONS\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\b0\fs48 \cf2 Using a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/vegetable-peeler/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 vegetable peeler}}, cut the orange part of the peel from the stem end of the orange down to the navel end, forming long 3/4 to 1-inch-wide strips. Bring a heavy small {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/saucepan/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 saucepan}} of water to a boil. Add the peels and cook for 1 minute. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/drain/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 Drain}} and then rinse the peels under cold water. Repeat cooking the peels in the saucepan with fresh boiling water and rinsing under cold water 2 more times.\
Stir the sugar and 1/2 cup of fresh water in a heavy small saucepan over medium-high heat until the sugar dissolves. Bring to a boil. Add the orange peels and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/simmer/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 simmer}} over medium-low heat until tender, about 15 minutes. Using tongs, transfer the peels to a sheet of parchment paper to dry slightly, about 1 hour.\cf4 \
}