{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red85\green85\blue85;\red245\green245\blue245;\red32\green33\blue34;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa420\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs58 \cf2 \cb3 Candied Ginger I
\b0\fs52 \
1 pound (500g) fresh ginger, peeled\uc0\u8232 4 cups (800g) sugar, plus additional sugar for coating the ginger slices, if desired\u8232 4 cups (1l) water\u8232 pinch of salt\
1. Slice the ginger as thinly as possible. It can\'92t be too thin, so use a sharp knife.\
2. Put the ginger slices in a non-reactive pot, add enough water to cover the ginger, and bring to a boil. Reduce heat and let ginger simmer for ten minutes. Drain, and repeat, simmering the ginger slices one more time.\
3. Mix the sugar and 4 cups (1l) water in the pot, along with a pinch of salt and the ginger slices, and cook until the temperature reaches 225F (106C.)\
4. Remove from heat and let stand for at least an hour, although I often let it sit overnight. Or if you want to coat the slices with sugar, drain very well while the ginger is hot, so the syrup will drain away better.\
5. Store ginger slices in its syrup, or toss the drained slices in granulated sugar. Shake off excess sugar, and spread the ginger slices on a cooling rack overnight, until they\'92re somewhat dry. The sugar can be reused in a batter or ice cream base, or for another purpose.\
Storage: The ginger, packed in its syrup, can be stored in the refrigerator for up to one year. If you\'92re concerned with it crystallizing, add a tablespoon or two of corn syrup or glucose to the sugar syrup at the beginning of step #3. If tossed in sugar, the pieces can be stored at room temperature for a few months.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa420\ql\qnatural
\cf4 \cb1 *If you\'92re unsure if your thermometer is telling the truth, boil a pot of water with the thermometer in it. Once the water is boiling, if you live at sea level, the temperature should read 212F, or 100C.\
}