{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red84\green84\blue84;\red51\green51\blue51;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl520\sa80\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs66 \cf0 Schoko Nuss (Chocolate-Covered Hazelnuts)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\fs40 \cf2 Yield:  \cf0 About 9 cups\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\ql\qnatural

\fs52 \cf0 INGREDIENTS\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0\fs48 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}2 pounds blanched hazelnuts\
{\listtext	\'95	}3/4 cup (6 ounces) granulated sugar\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 pound milk or dark chocolate couverture, chopped\cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\ql\qnatural

\b\fs52 \cf0 DIRECTIONS\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa160\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs48 \cf3 Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. \uc0\u8232 Spread the hazelnuts on a baking sheet and toast in the oven until golden brown, about 8 minutes. \u8232 Meanwhile, melt the sugar in a hot saucepan over medium-low heat, stirring until dissolved, frequently brushing down the sides of the pan with a wet pastry brush. Increase the heat and let boil until the syrup turns golden brown. \u8232 While the sugar is cooking, heat a large pot over medium heat and add the nuts, stirring constantly. Pour the caramel into the hazelnuts, stirring with a wooden spoon until the caramel reaches your desired color. Sprinkle some water onto the nuts to shock them to stop the cooking. Pour the mixture into a single layer onto a clean granite or marble work surface or baking sheet. Constantly move the nuts around so they cool all separated. Transfer to a container and refrigerate until cool. \u8232 Melt the chocolate in the microwave or over a double boiler and heat to 90 degrees F. Meanwhile, heat a bowl to room temperature, then place the cold nuts into the bowl. Constantly stir nuts while pouring in the melted chocolate, just enough to coat. Continue to stir, stir, stir. The chocolate should stick to the cold nuts and not to the bowl. Stop stirring when the chocolate starts to stick to the bowl. Transfer to a container and refrigerate again. Repeat this process until the desired nut-chocolate ratio is reached. Let rest for a few hours and then enjoy.}