{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red102\green102\blue102;\red0\green138\blue206;\red85\green85\blue85;
}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww20440\viewh21160\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa300\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs56 \cf0 CREMA MEXICANA
\fs50 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\sa300\ql\qnatural

\fs46 \cf0 from\cf2  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.amazon.com/gp/customer-media/product-gallery/0684800063/ref=cm_ciu_pdp_images_3?ie=UTF8&index=3"}}{\fldrslt 
\i \cf3 \ul \ulc3 Rick Bayless\'92s Mexican Kitchen}}
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\sa300\ql\qnatural

\i \cf0 Many crema recipes call for a bit more of the active culture to be added to the cream in order to encourage rapid thickening.\'a0 Using a mere two teaspoons will still thicken the cream considerably and the 24 hour slow culturing process will encourage more complex flavor development.\'a0 Using buttermilk will lend the finished crema a slightly nutty flavor and a beautiful texture that is perfect for drizzling on just about anything.\'a0 Using more than 2 teaspoons of the active culture will simply produce a thicker final product.\'a0 Once the cream has thickened, feel free to add any flavor components that interest you.\'a0 I will sometimes add a bit of lime juice, salt, chile or even ground cumin depending upon its eventual application. Covered and refrigerated, the crema will keep for about 10 days or so.
\i0 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\sa300\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 INGREDIENTS:
\b0 \cf2 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl380\sa240\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 		1 cup heavy whipping cream\cf2 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 		2 teaspoons buttermilk, cr\'e8me fra\'eeche, sour cream or plain yogurt\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\sa300\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 METHOD
\b0 :\cf2 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl380\sa240\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	1.	}Pour the cream into a small saucepan set over low heat and stir just until the chill is off.\'a0 Do not heat the cream above 100\'b0 (lukewarm).\cf2 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	2.	}Remove the saucepan from the heat, stir in the buttermilk and pour into a clean glass jar.\cf2 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	3.	}Place the lid on the jar but don\'92t tighten it, and put in a warm spot.\'a0 Allow the cream to develop for 12 to 24 hours, until noticeably thicker.\'a0 Stir gently and refrigerate for at least 4 hours or overnight to chill and complete the thickening process.\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\sa300\ql\qnatural

\i \cf0 Makes 1 Cup
\i0 \cf2 \

\i\fs44 \cf0 Listen, there\'92s nothing wrong with sour cream out of a tub, but man can that stuff ever be thick.\'a0 That\'92s why I love crema \'97 the rich, delicately sour, slightly thickened cream used in Mexican cooking.\'a0 I like to think of it as a thinner version of cr\'e8me fra\'eeche. Unlike sour cream, crema Mexicana won\'92t break or separate when heated, making it ideal for stirring into warm sauces.\'a0 Sure there are a few good brands out there, but making it yourself at home couldn\'92t be any simpler.\'a0 All you need is some heavy cream, a cultured dairy product like buttermilk or yogurt and some culinary caj\'f3nes.\'a0 That\'92s right, in order to get this stuff to the right consistency you\'92re gonna have to leave it out on your counter overnight\'85unrefrigerated.\'a0 But don\'92t worry, considering the resilience of the ultra-pasteurized heavy whipping cream sold in most supermarkets, it\'92s gonna take a lot more than a night on your counter to spoil.\'a0 I too was a bit worried the first time I made it, but trust me, this recipe works like a charm.\'a0 The finished crema is complex, nutty and has a beautiful pourable texture, perfect for spooning on tacos, enchiladas or even a simple baked potato.\'a0 Or, do what I do and drizzle it on a plate of loaded, cheesy nachos \'97 it certainly beats a thick glob of cold sour cream.\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs70 \cf4 \

\fs50 \
}