{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red62\green62\blue62;\red51\green51\blue51;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14060\viewh15820\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl520\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs74 \cf2 Crispy Garlic Parmesan Croutons
\b0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa360\ql\qnatural

\f1\b\fs54 \cf3 Ingredients:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl360\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0 \cf3 {\listtext	\'95	}4 cloves garlic, minced very fine\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup olive oil\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 (8-ounce) loaf French baguette \
{\listtext	\'95	}3/4 cup finely grated Parmigiano-Reggiano\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon dried Italian herbs\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon paprika\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}pinch of cayenne\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa360\ql\qnatural

\b \cf3 Preparation:\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf3 Combine the garlic and olive oil in a small mixing bowl. Let sit out at room temperature for at least 4 hours to infuse. \
Preheat oven to 300 degrees F. \
Cut the bread into 1-inch cubes and add to a large mixing bowl. Add 1/2 cup of the cheese, Italian herbs, paprika, salt, black pepper and cayenne. Strain the garlic oil over the bread cubes, pressing the garlic with the back of a spoon. Toss with a spatula until the bread is evenly coated. \
Pour the mixture onto a baking sheet and place in the preheated over for 15 minutes. Remove, and stir the croutons, as the ones on the outside will cook faster than those in the center. Return to oven, and cook for 15 more minutes. \
Remove from oven, and sprinkle the remaining 1/4 cup of cheese over the croutons. Return to oven, and cook for 10-15 minutes, or until browned and crunchy. Allow to cool completely before storing in an airtight container.\
}