{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red243\green240\blue231;\red51\green51\blue51;\red50\green50\blue50;
\red0\green101\blue159;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13160\viewh18440\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl560\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs62 \cf0 \cb2 Dulce De Leche\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs42 \cf3 Dulce de leche is a caramel-like spreadable topping, made from various kinds of milk and sugar, for toast or desserts from Latin countries. In Columbia they use goat's milk and call it Cajeta where as in Cuba they use cow's milk. In Mexico they use the method here. In the Caribbean they add vinegar, which curdles the milk and gives the dulce de leche a drier, more crumbly texture, so it is less spreadable and used as more of a filling.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa280\ql\qnatural

\b\fs48 \cf4 \cb1 INGREDIENTS
\b0\fs42 \cf3 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa260\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs56 \cf3 {\listtext	\'95	}3
\b0  (14-ounce) cans sweetened condensed milk\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs46 \cf0 DIPPERS:
\b0 \
{\listtext	\'95	}Regular bananas\
{\listtext	\'95	}Small bananas, like Manzano or red\
{\listtext	\'95	}Strawberries\
{\listtext	\'95	}Marshmallows\
{\listtext	\'95	}Toasted pound cake cubes\
{\listtext	\'95	}Pineapple chunks\
{\listtext	\'95	}Anjou or Bartlett pear slices \
{\listtext	\'95	}Fried wonton wrappers\
{\listtext	\'95	}Bing cherries, with stem
\fs56 \cf5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs48 \cf3 DIRECTIONS
\b0\fs56 	\
Remove label from the cans. Stand the cans in a saucepan and add water to cover. (Note: Do NOT open or puncture the can in any way prior to cooking.) Bring the water to a gentle simmer and keep it there for 3 hours, adding water as needed to keep the cans submerged.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf3 {\listtext	\'95	}Allow the cans to cool before opening. The milk will have transformed into a smooth, creamy, caramel-colored sauce, dulce de leche! \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\ql\qnatural
\cf3 Pour into a warmed fondue pot and serve with assorted dippers and fondue forks.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f1\b\fs58 \cf0 Dulce de Leche\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs38 \cf6 Makes:  
\b0 \cf0 about 1 cup\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f1\b\fs52 \cf0 Ingredients
\f0\b0\fs50 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural
\cf0 1 quart whole milk\
12 ounces sugar, approximately 1 1/2 cups\
1 vanilla bean, split and seeds scraped\
1/2 teaspoon baking soda\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f1\b\fs52 \cf0 Directions
\f0\b0\fs50 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Combine the milk, sugar, vanilla bean and seeds in a large, 4-quart saucepan and place over medium heat. Bring to a simmer, stirring occasionally, until the sugar has dissolved. Once the sugar has dissolved, add the baking soda and stir to combine. Reduce the heat to low and cook uncovered at a bare simmer. Stir occasionally, but do not re-incorporate the foam that appears on the top of the mixture. Continue to cook for 1 hour. Remove the vanilla bean after 1 hour and continue to cook until the mixture is a dark caramel color and has reduced to about 1 cup, approximately 1 1/2 to 2 hours. Strain the mixture through a fine mesh strainer. Store in the refrigerator in a sealed container for up to a month.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs32 \cf0 \
\
}