{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red85\green85\blue85;\red245\green245\blue245;\red68\green165\blue0;
}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15380\viewh16840\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa420\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs72 \cf2 \cb3 \ul \ulc2 Fresh Ginger Syrup
\b0\fs54 \ulnone \uc0\u8232 
\fs44 About 2 cups 
\fs54 \
This syrup is quite spicy and if you find it a bit too zippy and want to tone it down, the next time you make it (or the first time) you can blanch the chopped ginger first in boiling water, let it simmer for a couple of minutes, then drain it and proceed with the recipe.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl380\sa40\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 		8 ounces (225g) fresh ginger, peeled\
		4 cups (1l) water\
		2 cups (400g) sugar\
		pinch salt\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa420\ql\qnatural
\cf2 1. Cut the ginger into thin slices. Run a knife over it to chop it into rough, smaller pieces. \
2. Place the ginger along with the water, sugar, and salt in a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.davidlebovitz.com/2013/04/what-is-nonreactive-reactive-cookware/"}}{\fldrslt 
\b \cf4 \ul \ulc4 nonreactive}} saucepan. Heat to a boil, then reduce the heat to a steady simmer, and cook for 45 minutes to one hour.\
3. Let cool, then strain the syrup through a fine-mesh strainer. Store the strained syrup in the refrigerator, covered, until ready to use. The syrup should keep for at least two weeks under refrigeration.\
To make ginger soda: Fill glasses 1/3rd full with syrup and add a generous squeeze of fresh lemon or lime juice. Fill the glasses with ice then top with sparkling water or tonic water (or a not-too-sweet citrus soda). Stir gently to mix the ingredients and garnish with a round of citrus or fresh mint.\
Other Uses: You could also make a terrific cocktail with this as a base, using bourbon, whiskey, or rum. Another possibility is to use a few spoonfuls of this syrup to sweeten iced tea or drizzle over a fruit salad.}