{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red85\green85\blue85;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16940\viewh16440\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl600\qc

\f0\b\fs74 \cf2 Homemade Candied Ginger
\fs54 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa400\ql\qnatural
\cf2 \
Author Notes:
\b0  The recipe also produces a lot of ginger sugar. Store this with the candied ginger and use to flavor various other creations! \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa400\ql\qnatural

\i\b \cf2 Makes\'a01 cup
\i0\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 		\'bd pound fresh ginger root\
		\'bd cup sugar\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\sa200\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	1.	}Peel the ginger and cut it into the thinnest possible slices using a mandolin or chef\'92s knife. Place the sliced in a medium lidded saucepan and cover with enough water to submerge them. Bring to a boil, then turn the heat down to medium-low, cover, and simmer until tender, about 35 minutes. The slices will be a deeper shade of yellow and have a more rubbery consistency. Reserve \'bc cup cooking liquid and drain.\
{\listtext	2.	}Return the ginger to the pot along with the reserved cooking liquid and the sugar. Bring to a rapid simmer over a high flame. Turn the heat down to medium and continue to simmer the ginger, stirring frequently, until the liquid has evaporated and the sugar begins to crystallize, about 10 to 15 minutes. Transfer the ginger immediately to a cooling rack or parchment-lined sheet pan. Spread in an even layer until cool enough to touch. Discard the excess ginger sugar, or reserve for another use. Store the candied ginger in an airtight container for up to three weeks.}