{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red124\green68\blue0;\red51\green51\blue51;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{square\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14020\viewh14520\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\li200\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs54 \cf2 HOW TO SEED A POMEGRANATE\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs56 \cf3 Make a shallow slit at the top of the pomegranate where the knob/stem is (this part is known as the crown). Cut all the way around the top of the rind, creating a shallow circle. Don't push the knife in too deep, or you may burst some seeds.\

\fs54 Pull the crown of the pomegranate off to reveal the inner seeds.\
Cut three shallow slits through the outer rind, following three of the white pith lines, from the top of the fruit to the bottom.\
Pull the fruit apart to create three large sections.\
Remove any large pieces of pith that are visible.\
Submerge the sections in a large bowl of cold water.\
Break apart the sections underneath the water, separating the seeds from the rind and pith. As you remove the seeds, they will sink to the bottom of the bowl. The pith will rise to the top and float. Discard the large chunks of rind (the peel).\
When all the seeds have been removed, use a mesh strainer or slotted spoon to remove the floating pieces of pith from the surface of the water. A few seeds may float as well; separate these out and return them to the bowl.\
Drain the seeds in a colander. Remove any additional pieces of pith that may have mixed into the seeds.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li200\sl480\ql\qnatural

\b \cf2 HOW TO JUICE A POMEGRANATE\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl480\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0 \cf3 {\listtext	\uc0\u9642 	}Place your pomegranate seeds in a blender.\
{\listtext	\uc0\u9642 	}Pulse the seeds a few times to break them apart and release their juice. Don't blend them for a long period of time, or the seeds will break apart and create cloudy juice.\
{\listtext	\uc0\u9642 	}Use a mesh strainer to strain the pomegranate liquid into a container.\
{\listtext	\uc0\u9642 	}Use the back of a spoon to push against the pomegranate pulp and extract as much juice as possible.\
\
\pard\tx560\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural
\cf3 \
}