{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red69\green69\blue69;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13840\viewh14100\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl720\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs58 \cf2 Making Maple Sugar\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\qc

\b0\fs28 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\ql\qnatural

\fs42 \cf2 Making maple sugar is fairly simple... but it's not always easy....\uc0\u8232 \u8232 First you will need to put the amount of maple syrup you want to use into a large deep pot.\u8232 \u8232 You will want to put only enough syrup to cover 1 1/2 to 2 inches in the bottom of your pot.\u8232 \u8232 (Some people do use more, but it's not as easy or effective as this way).\u8232 \u8232 Thus, depending on how much syrup you are going to do for your batch, you will have to have a pot that is big enough for that capacity to be only that high in the pot.\u8232 \u8232 Also, make sure you don't have more syrup than will fit in your flat pan once you take it out to cool it.\u8232 \u8232 (You might as well make a lot of it, because it's not that easy... but, for starting out, it's probably better to make a small batch.. at least until you get the hang of it).
\fs28 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 
\b\fs38 Heating The Syrup To The Right Temperature\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl560\sa240\ql\qnatural

\fs40 \cf2 Then Stirring the Syrup Till It Crystalizes\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\qc

\b0\fs28 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\ql\qnatural

\fs42 \cf2 Once you have prepared everything and turned on your heat, you will have to pay very close attention to your syrup.\uc0\u8232 \u8232 You will want to heat (starting with a medium hot heat... not too high so you don't burn your syrup) it to just the right temperature so that you get the right consistency of maple sugar when it cools.\u8232 \u8232 So, if you are at sea level, the ideal temperature to heat your syrup to is about 252 to 257 degrees F (which is 40 - 45 degrees above the boiling point).. but if you live anywhere higher than sea level you will need to adjust accordingly).\u8232 \u8232 Then you immediately pour off the syrup into a flat heavy pan, and start stirring.\u8232 \u8232 The more vigorously you stir, the finer your maple sugar will be.. so remember, if you want coarse grains, stir more slowly.. if you want fine grains, stir faster.\u8232 \u8232 Once all your syrup has granulated, you will want to put it through a sieve (see the stainless steel one show above)..so that you get your desired individual grains of maple sugar.\u8232 \u8232 You may want to keep doing this until the maple sugar is completely dry or you can do it until you are satisfied with the grain size and then leave it out on a tray to further dry.\u8232 \u8232 You don't want to put the maple sugar into the storage container (which will preferably be glass) until you are absolutely sure that all the humidity or moisture is out of the sugar crystals.\u8232 \u8232 Once all the moisture has evaporated then you can basically store maple sugar indefinitely.\u8232 }