{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red84\green84\blue84;\red51\green51\blue51;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl520\sa80\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs64 \cf0 Microwave Chocolate Tempering\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\fs38 \cf2 Yield:  \cf0 1 kilogram chocolate\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\ql\qnatural

\fs48 \cf0 INGREDIENTS\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0\fs44 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 kilogram 54-percent bittersweet chocolate, finely chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}10 grams cocoa butter, finely chopped\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}Suggested dippers: fruit, pretzels, cookies, etc.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\ql\qnatural

\b\fs48 \cf0 DIRECTIONS\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa160\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs44 \cf3 Place the chocolate in a 4-quart glass bowl. Microwave on high for 30 seconds, and then stir with a clean spatula. Repeat 2 more times. Microwave on high for 15 seconds, and then stir. Repeat 2 to 4 more times or until the chocolate reaches 100 degrees F. Microwave on high for 10 seconds, and then stir. Repeat 5 more times or until the chocolate reaches 115 degrees F. \uc0\u8232 \u8232 Remove from the microwave and cool by stirring occasionally until the chocolate reaches 95 degrees F. Add the cocoa butter and stir continuously until the cocoa butter melts and the chocolate cools to 90 degrees F. \u8232 \u8232 Test the temper of the chocolate by spreading a small amount in an even layer on a metal surface set over an ice pack. It should set within 3 minutes and be shiny and streak free. \u8232 \u8232 Maintain the 90-degree temperature by briefly heating the chocolate with a 10-second blast of warm heat from a hair dryer. Use immediately for dipping fruit, pretzels, cookies, etc.\
}