{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13220\viewh13960\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Chinese Five-Spice Chicken with Red Cabbage and Potato Gratin
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\b \cf2 Serves: 
\b0 \cf0 2 servings\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs28 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Potato {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/gratin/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Gratin}}:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}2 to 3 Idaho potatoes, peeled and sliced 1/16-inch thick on a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/mandoline/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 mandoline}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup heavy cream\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup grated {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/parmesan/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Parmesan}} or Gruyere, plus 4 tablespoons for topping, divided\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 teaspoons dried thyme or 2 tablespoons chopped fresh {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/thyme/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 thyme}} leaves\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoons kosher salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}\
{\listtext	\'95	}Special equipment: 2 (3-ounce) ramekins\
{\listtext	\'95	}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Red Cabbage:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}6 strips bacon, chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup chopped Spanish onion, about 1 large onion\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 cups chopped red cabbage, about 1/2 head\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 teaspoons kosher salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon freshly cracked black pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup red {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/wine/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 wine}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup balsamic vinegar\
{\listtext	\'95	}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Chinese Five-Spice Chicken:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls3\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons olive oil\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 teaspoons Chinese five-spice powder\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon garlic powder\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/salt/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 kosher salt}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon freshly cracked black pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 (6-ounce) chicken breasts, boneless and skinless\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/butter/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 butter}}, unsalted\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 Gratin:\
Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.\
\
Toss the first 6 ingredients together in a bowl, making sure the potato slices are evenly covered with the mixture. Spray 2 ramekins with {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cooking-spray/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cooking spray}} and gently press a handful of the potatoes into each one. Arrange the ramekins on a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sheet-pan/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 sheet pan}} and fill each cup 3/4 of the way with the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cream/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cream}} mixture and cover the top with foil. Slide the pan into the oven and cook until the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/potato/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 potatoes}} are cooked through, about 30 to 45 minutes. (Chef's Note: They are finished when a toothpick is inserted with zero resistance.) Remove the foil, add 2 tablespoons of the remaining cheese to each ramekin and cook until {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cheese/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cheese}} is bubbling, about 4 to 8 minutes. Remove the gratins from oven and set aside.\
\
Cabbage: In a medium skillet, over medium heat, add the bacon and cook until crispy, about 5 to 8 minutes. Remove the bacon to a plate, leaving 3 to 4 tablespoons of the fat in the skillet. Add the onions and saute for 5 to 7 minutes over medium-high heat. Stir in the cabbage, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sugar/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 sugar}}, salt and black pepper and continue cooking for an additional 6 to 8 minutes. Add the red wine, toss the ingredients and cook covered with a lid until the liquid has almost completely evaporated, about 8 to 12 minutes. Stir in the balsamic vinegar and cook until it has almost evaporated as well, about 1 to 3 minutes. Turn off the heat and add the reserved bacon.\
\
Chicken: Combine the first 5 ingredients in a medium bowl. Add the chicken breasts, toss to coat with the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/marinade/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 marinade}} and allow them to sit for 10 to15 minutes. In a saute pan over medium heat, add the chicken breasts and cook for 4 to 5 minutes on the show side and 6 minutes the other side, or until cooked through. Remove the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/chicken/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 chicken}} to a cutting board and top each breast with 1 tablespoon of butter. Cover with foil, allow them to rest for 5 minutes, then slice lengthwise.\
\
To serve: Put a portion of the cabbage in the center of each dish. Arrange the chicken, on top of the cabbage. Run a knife along the inside of each {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/ramekin/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 ramekin}}, to loosen, and invert them onto the plates before serving.\
}