{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11380\viewh14460\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Hash Brown Cakes\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs32 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 4 to 6 servings\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 pound Yukon gold potatoes, scrubbed well and dried\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 shallot, peeled\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup shredded Cheddar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/3 cup all-purpose flour\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 large egg, lightly beaten\
{\listtext	\'95	}Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}Peanut oil, for frying\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 Grate the potatoes and shallot using your food processor. Add to a colander and squeeze dry using a clean tea towel, making sure to get rid of all of the moisture. Place the potatoes and shallots in a bowl along with the cheese, flour, parsley, egg and some salt and pepper. Mix well.\
Heat about 1/4 cup peanut oil in a large cast-iron skillet until hot. Scoop 1/4 cup potato mixture into the skillet and flatten with a spatula. Cook until golden and crisp, 2 to 3 minutes, and then flip and cook another 2 minutes. Remove to a paper-towel-lined baking sheet to drain. Repeat in batches.\
Cook's Note: To keep hash brown cakes warm before serving, place in a single layer on a wire rack set over a baking sheet and place in a 200 degree F oven.}