{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15880\viewh15400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs58 \cf0 Mashed Potatoes with Crispy Fried Shallots
\f1\b0\fs38 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\b \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 6 - 8 servings\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs42 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}Vegetable oil, for frying\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 cups heavy cream\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 pounds russet potatoes, peeled and cut into equal-size chunks\
{\listtext	\'95	}Coarse kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 shallots, thinly sliced\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon all-purpose flour\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 Heat some vegetable oil in a skillet over medium heat. Add the flour to a small bowl and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Coat the sliced shallots in the seasoned flour. Drop the shallots in the hot oil ,a few at a time to avoid clumps, and fry until dark golden in color. Transfer the shallots to a paper towel lined dish and sprinkle with salt, to taste.\
In a large pot, add the potatoes and cover with water. Season the water with a heavy pinch of salt. Bring to a boil over medium heat, then lower the heat to a simmer. Cook the potatoes until fork tender, about 15 minutes. Immediately drain the potatoes and put them through a food mill, into a large bowl. If you don't have a food mill, you can hand mash or use a hand mixer, but be sure to not over whip if using an electric mixer.\
Slowly heat the cream in a small heavy-bottomed saucepan over low heat.\
Mix the hot cream into the potatoes and season with a little salt and pepper, to taste. Taste and adjust seasoning, if needed. Top the potatoes with crispy fried shallots and serve. Eat and enjoy!\
}