{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww18920\viewh17260\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Roasted Potato Wedges with Chipotle sauce
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\b \cf2 Serves: 
\b0 \cf0 2 servings\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs28 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs40 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs38 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}2 russet potatoes, scrubbed well\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 tablespoons olive oil\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon Neely's BBQ seasoning (recipe below)\
{\listtext	\'95	}Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh parsley\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon sliced green onions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs40 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs38 \cf0 Place a rimmed sheet tray into the oven and preheat oven to 450 degrees F.\
\
Slice each potato into 6 wedges. Add the potato wedges to a pot of cold salted water. Bring to a boil, reduce heat, and simmer until the potatoes are barely tender, but a knife can be pushed through with just a slight resistance, about 6 minutes. Drain potatoes and add to a large mixing bowl. Drizzle potatoes with olive oil and toss with BBQ seasoning, salt, and pepper.\
\
Carefully remove the hot sheet tray from the oven and quickly add the seasoned potatoes to them. You want the pan to stay as hot as possible. This will help to crisp up the potatoes while they roast. Place the sheet pan back into the oven and roast until golden and crisp, 20 to 25 minutes, flipping 1/2 way through the cooking time.\
\
Remove from the oven and toss with fresh herbs.\
\
Cook's Note: Be careful not to overcook the potatoes when boiling. You don't want them to fall apart when you roast them. Heating your sheet tray in the oven will promote crispness in your potatoes wedges. The potatoes start sizzling and crisping up as soon as they hit the hot pan. Serve with Chipotle Sauce (recipe below).\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Chipotle Sauce
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\b \cf2 Serves: 
\b0 \cf0 2 cups, or 2 to 4 servings\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs28 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs42 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs40 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}2 cups low-fat sour cream\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 chipotle pepper, packed in adobo sauce\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons roughly chopped fresh chives\
{\listtext	\'95	}Juice of 1/2 lime\
{\listtext	\'95	}Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs42 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs40 \cf0 Add sour cream, chipotle pepper, chives, lime juice, and salt and pepper to a food processor and pulse until thoroughly combined.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\b\fs38 \cf0 Neely's BBQ Seasoning
\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls3\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}3/4 cup sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 cups paprika\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 3/4 tablespoons onion powder\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Mix all the ingredients together and store in an airtight container.\
}