{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Simple Scalloped Potatoes
\f1\b0\fs36 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Serves:  6-8 servings\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 Ingredients
\f1\b0\fs46 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural
\cf0 1 1/2 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into pieces, plus more for brushing\
1/2 clove garlic\
2 pounds russet potatoes, peeled and sliced inch thick\
Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper\
1 1/4 cups low-sodium chicken broth\
1/2 cup skim milk\
1/4 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg\
4 fresh bay leaves\
1/2 cup grated gruyere cheese (about 2 ounces)\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 Directions
\f1\b0\fs46 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Position a rack in the upper third of the oven and preheat to 425 degrees F. Generously brush a large skillet with butter, then rub with the garlic. Heat the skillet over medium-high heat. Add half of the potatoes, sprinkle with 3/4 teaspoon salt, and pepper to taste, then arrange the remaining potatoes on top. Sprinkle with 3/4 teaspoon salt, and pepper to taste. Pour the broth and milk over the potatoes, then add the nutmeg and bay leaves; simmer 3 minutes.\
Generously brush a shallow baking dish with butter and slide the potatoes into the dish; arrange with a fork, if desired. (If your skillet is ovenproof, you can skip this step and bake the potatoes right in the skillet.)\
Dot the potatoes with the cut-up butter and sprinkle with the gruyere. Bake until golden, about 25 minutes. Let rest 5 minutes before serving. Discard the bay leaves.\
\
\
\
}