{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13980\viewh15680\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs72 \cf0 Slow Cooker Garlic Mashed Potatoes\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs42 \cf0 Yield:  6 servings\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\ql\qnatural

\b\fs70 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0\fs58 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}3 pounds Yukon gold potatoes, peeled and diced into 1/2-inch chunks\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 head garlic, halved\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 cups low-sodium chicken broth\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 stick (1/4 cup) unsalted butter\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}3/4 cup half-and-half\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 ounces cream cheese, softened\
{\listtext	\'95	}Kosher salt and cracked black pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}Chopped fresh chives, for garnish\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\ql\qnatural

\b\fs70 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs58 \cf0 Combine the potatoes and garlic in the slow cooker. Pour the chicken broth over the potatoes, cover and cook on high 3 to 4 hours, or on low 6 to 8 hours. 
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 Remove the potatoes and drain, reserving the cooking liquid and removing the garlic. Return the potatoes to the slow cooker. 
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 Melt the butter in a small saucepan with the half-and-half over low heat. Remove from the heat and add to the potatoes along with the cream cheese and liberally season with salt and pepper. Use a potato masher to mash, adding the reserved cooking liquid to the potatoes if necessary for the desired consistency. 
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 Keep warm before transferring to a serving platter. Garnish with chopped chives.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
}