{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww18300\viewh15780\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs50 \cf0 Smoked Paprika Potato Wedges
\f1\b0\fs30 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\b \cf2 Serves: 
\b0 \cf0 4 to 6 servings\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}18 small white {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/potato/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 potatoes}}, cut into wedges\
{\listtext	\'95	}Salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 tablespoons {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/grill/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 grill}} seasoning or lots of salt and pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 teaspoons smoked sweet {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/paprika/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 paprika}}, abut 2/3 palmful\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sour-cream/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 sour cream}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/clove/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 clove}} garlic, grated or crushed into paste\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 tablespoons {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/chives/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 chives}}, finely chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 teaspoons hot sauce\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F.\
\
Put the potatoes in a large pot over medium heat and cover with water. Cover the pot and bring to a boil. Add salt, to taste, to the water and cook for 5 minutes. Drain and put them, while hot, in a bowl. Add the extra-virgin olive oil and the grill seasoning and the paprika and toss to coat evenly. Arrange the potatoes on a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cooling-rack/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cooling rack}} on top of a baking sheet, so the heat can go all around the wedges. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/roast/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Roast}} until {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/crisp/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 crisp}}, about 15 to 18 minutes.\
\
Remove the potatoes from the oven to a platter. In a small bowl, mix together the sour cream, garlic, chives and hot sauce. Serve the potatoes hot with the dipping sauce alongside.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Notes\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 For a change, try small {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sweet-potato/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 sweet potato}} wedges, parboiled, then roasted in the same manner.\
}