{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14520\viewh13960\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 Sweet Onion Potatoes Au Gratin\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs28 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 4 servings\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons butter\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 large or 2 medium sweet onions, such as Vidalia, thinly sliced\
{\listtext	\'95	}Salt and freshly ground black pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon ground thyme\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 bay leaf, fresh or dried\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 pounds baby Yukon {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/potato/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 gold potatoes}} or {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/potato/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 fingerling potatoes}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 to 2/3 cup {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cream/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 heavy cream}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup grated {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/parmigiano-reggiano/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Parmigiano-Reggiano}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 pound brick Gruyere or {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/swiss-cheese/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Swiss cheese}}, shredded\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 Heat a small skillet with the butter over medium heat. Add the onions, season with salt ground thyme, bay leaf and cook until very soft and sweet and lightly caramelized, 20 minutes. Season with salt and pepper, to taste, and discard the bay leaf.\
While the onions cook, put the potatoes in a medium pot and cover with water. Bring to a boil, then salt the water and cook to tender, 12 to 15 minutes. Drain and return the potatoes to the hot pot. Mash the potatoes with the cream and Parmesan and season with salt and pepper, to taste.\
Preheat the broiler.\
Arrange the mashed potatoes in individual gratin dishes or 1 shallow casserole. Top the potatoes with the onions and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/gruyere/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Gruyere cheese}}. Put them on a sheet pan and brown under a hot broiler until bubbly, about 2 minutes. Remove from the oven and serve hot.}