{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16580\viewh17440\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl500\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs42 \cf0 Broiled Zucchini and Potatoes with Parmesan Crust\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs22 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260\ql\qnatural

\b\fs28 \cf2 Serves: 
\b0 \cf0 4 servings\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260\ql\qnatural

\fs32 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs40 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl420\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs38 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}4 small new potatoes (red or white, about 1 1/2 inches in diameter)\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons butter\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/clove/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 clove}} garlic, minced\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon chopped fresh {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/thyme/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 thyme}} leaves\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon chopped fresh {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/rosemary/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 rosemary}} leaves\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 small zucchini, cut in 1/2 lengthwise (about 1-inch wide by 5 inches long)\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl420\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/pinch/index.html"}}{\fldrslt Pinch}}\cf0  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/salt/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 kosher salt}} and freshly ground black pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup grated Parmesan\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs40 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs38 \cf0 Bring a medium pot of water to a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/boil/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 boil}} over high heat. Add the potatoes and cook until just tender, about 8 to 10 minutes. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/drain/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Drain}} the potatoes and let cool. When cool, cut the potatoes in half.\
Place a medium saute pan over medium heat. Add the butter, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/garlic/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 garlic}}, thyme and rosemary and let cook until the butter melts, about 2 minutes. Meanwhile, season the cut sides of the zucchini and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/potato/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 potatoes}} with salt and pepper. Carefully place the zucchini and potatoes cut side down in the melted {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/butter/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 butter}}. Let them cook until golden brown, about 12 to 15 minutes.\
Preheat the broiler. Line a baking sheet with foil. Place the browed {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/zucchini/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 zucchini}} and potatoes on the baking sheet cut side up. Sprinkle the tops with the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/parmesan/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Parmesan}}. Place in the broiler until the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cheese/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cheese}} is golden brown, about 4 minutes. Transfer to a plate and serve.\

\fs32 \
}