{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red84\green84\blue84;\red51\green51\blue51;\red0\green101\blue159;
}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid4}
{\list\listtemplateid5\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid5}
{\list\listtemplateid6\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid6}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}{\listoverride\listid5\listoverridecount0\ls5}{\listoverride\listid6\listoverridecount0\ls6}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl520\sa80\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs66 \cf0 Chocolate Blintzes with Chocolate Whipped Ricotta-Almond Filling and Warm Cherry Sauce\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\fs40 \cf2 Yield:  \cf0 6 to 8 servings\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\ql\qnatural

\fs52 \cf0 INGREDIENTS\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0\fs48 \cf0 CHOCOLATE WHIPPED RICOTTA-ALMOND FILLING:\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 cups fresh ricotta, drained in a cheesecloth-lined strainer set over a bowl for at least 4 hours\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 tablespoons powdered sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons unsweetened Dutch process cocoa powder, such as Valrhona\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon pure vanilla extract\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 ounce bittersweet chocolate, finely grated\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup slivered toasted almonds\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls3\ilvl0\cf0 BLINTZES:\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/3 cup sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 eggs\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 cups milk\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, plus more for cooking\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/3 cup unsweetened Dutch process cocoa, such as Valrhona\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls4\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon sea salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}Powdered sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}Fresh mint sprigs\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls5\ilvl0\cf0 WARM CHERRY SAUCE:\
{\listtext	\'95	}16 ounce bag frozen unsweetened pitted dark sweet cherries, thawed, drained, juices reserved\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup kirsch\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 tablespoons sugar\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls6\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon cornstarch\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/8 teaspoon almond extract\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\ql\qnatural

\b\fs52 \cf0 DIRECTIONS\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa160\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs48 \cf3 For the ricotta filling: Whisk together the ricotta, powdered sugar, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cocoa-powder/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 cocoa powder}} and vanilla extract until light and fluffy. Fold in the chocolate and almonds. Cover and refrigerate for at least 1 hour and up to 8 hours. \uc0\u8232 For the blintzes: Whisk together the sugar and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/eggs/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 eggs}} until pale. Whisk in the milk and butter. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sift/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 Sift}} the flour, cocoa powder and salt onto a piece of waxed paper. Add the sifted ingredients to the wet ingredients and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/whisk/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 whisk}} until smooth. Cover and refrigerate for at least 1 hour and up to 24 hours. \uc0\u8232 Heat a skillet over medium heat and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/melt/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 melt}} a little butter. Ladle a scant 1/4 cup {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/batter/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 batter}} into the skillet. Tilt to swirl the batter so it covers the bottom of the skillet. Cook on one side until small air bubbles form, the top is set and the bottom is golden brown. When done, carefully loosen the edges of the crepe, flip over and cook for 30 seconds longer. Slip out of the skillet onto a plate. Butter the skillet as needed and repeat until all the batter is used. \uc0\u8232 Turn each crepe so the golden brown side is up. Place 3 tablespoons ricotta filling in the middle in a 3 by 2-inch-wide mound. Roll once to cover the filling. Fold the sides into the center and continue rolling until completely closed. Repeat with the remaining crepes. You may have leftover filling; don't overfill. \u8232 Serve 2 blintzes per plate. Spoon some of the Warm Cherry Sauce over, sprinkle with {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/powdered-sugar/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 powdered sugar}} and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/garnish/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 garnish}} with mint sprigs. Combine the reserved cherry juice, kirsch and enough cold water to measure one total cup of liquid. }