{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red84\green84\blue84;\red51\green51\blue51;\red0\green101\blue159;
}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid4}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl520\sa80\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs68 \cf0 Chocolate Crepes\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\fs42 \cf2 Yield:  \cf0 12 crepes\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\ql\qnatural

\fs52 \cf0 INGREDIENTS\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0\fs48 \cf0 CREPES\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup/250 ml milk\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 ounces/40 g 70-percent dark chocolate\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon butter\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 eggs\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup/55 g sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon vanilla extract\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup/125 g flour\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls3\ilvl0\cf0 CHOCOLATE SAUCE\
{\listtext	\'95	}8 ounces/225 g 70-percent dark chocolate, finely chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup/250 ml 35-percent whipping cream\
{\listtext	\'95	}Banana, sliced, for serving\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls4\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}Strawberries, sliced, for serving\
{\listtext	\'95	}Sweetened cinnamon-flecked whipped cream, for serving\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\ql\qnatural

\b\fs52 \cf0 DIRECTIONS\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa160\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs48 \cf3 For the crepes: Put the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/milk/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 milk}}, chocolate and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/butter/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 butter}} in a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/saucepan/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 saucepan}} and heat to {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/melt/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 melt}}. Beat the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/eggs/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 eggs}} with the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sugar/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 sugar}} in a bowl. Add the vanilla, then the flour. Beat in the chocolate mixture. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/strain/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 Strain}} into a jug and let sit for 30 minutes. Add more milk or water if necessary to give the consistency of thin cream. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/fry/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 Fry}} the crepes in a nonstick pan. If you do not have a nonstick pan use a bit of oil. \uc0\u8232 For the chocolate sauce: Put the chocolate and cream together in a saucepan and heat, gently, until the chocolate has melted and the mixture is very smooth. Thin, as needed with more cream. Serve hot. \u8232 To serve: Fill the crepes with sliced banana or strawberries and sweetened cinnamon-flecked {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cream/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 whipped cream}}. They look best folded over into a triangle. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/drizzle/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 Drizzle}} chocolate sauce over top.}