{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid4}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs56 \cf0 Chocolate Mousse Crepes\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs36 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 6 servings\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs50 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Chocolate Mousse Filling:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs48 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}6 ounces bittersweet chocolate\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 heaping tablespoons sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 yolks\
{\listtext	\'95	}6 tablespoons cream, plus 1 1/2 cups cream, whipped\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs50 \cf0 Chocolate Crepes:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs48 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}4 eggs\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup plus 1 tablespoon milk\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 teaspoons sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}3/4 cup flour\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cocoa-powder/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cocoa powder}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs50 \cf0 Chocolate Mint Bisque:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls3\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs48 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 cups cream\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 ounces {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/butter/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 butter}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}Pinch salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/vanilla/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 vanilla bean}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 ounces {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/chocolate/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 semisweet chocolate}}, chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 drops mint extract\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/garnish/index.html"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\b\fs50 \cf2 Garnish}}
\f0\b\fs50 :\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls4\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs48 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 pint {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/raspberry/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 raspberries}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}White chocolate shavings (about 1 cup)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs50 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs48 \cf0 For the mousse filling, melt the chocolate to 104 to 113 degrees F.\
In another bowl combine sugar, yolks, and 6 tablespoons cream, and whisk well over simmering water to cooking to thicken, making a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sabayon/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 sabayon}}. Whisk half the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cream/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 whipped cream}} into the chocolate, then fold in the sabayon. Add remaining whipped cream and fold in, then chill, until ready to use.\
For the crepe batter, whisk the eggs well then add the milk and whisk. Whisk in remaining ingredients. Let sit 20 minutes then strain.\
For the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/bisque/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 bisque}}, put all the ingredients in a pot except the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/extracts/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 extract}} and bring to a boil. Turn off the heat and whisk well to incorporate the chocolate then add the extract. Chill over night if making ahead of time. When ready to serve, warm the bisque through.\
Ladle small amounts (1 to 2 ounces) of crepe batter into buttered crepe pan and cook on both sides. Repeat until all the batter is used.\
Let the crepes cool before filling. To fill, place a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/quenelle/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 quenelle}} of chocolate {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/mousse/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 mousse}} in each crepe and fold it over to enclose the mousse. Serve 2 filled crepes per person. Spoon some chocolate mint bisque over and around the crepes. Sprinkle with raspberries and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/white-chocolate/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 white chocolate}} shavings.\
}