{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Tahoma;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red210\green100\blue46;\red236\green237\blue227;\red51\green51\blue51;
\red102\green102\blue102;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl580\sa120\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs66 \cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd4\expndtw20
Dessert Crepes
\fs58 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs36 \cf4 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 YIELD:
\b\fs38  8 to 10 crepes\

\f2\b0\fs44 \cf5 \cb3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\ql\qnatural

\fs58 \cf5 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ri920\sl380\sa60\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\fs52 \cf4 		1/2 cup unbleached flour, or half unbleached and half whole-wheat\
		1/8 cup sugar\
		Pinch of salt\
		1 whole egg and 1 egg white\
		1/2 cup milk\
		2 tablespoons melted butter or coconut oil (plus additional butter for the pan)\
		1/2 teaspoon vanilla\
		2 cups sliced strawberries (use fresh raspberries, blueberries or any combination of berries in the summer)\
		1 cup cream, whipped to soft peaks\
		Powdered sugar for garnishing\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\ql\qnatural

\f2\fs58 \cf5 Preparation\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa200\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs52 \cf4 Sift flour, sugar and salt into a large bowl. Beat egg, egg white and milk together in a medium-size bowl. Add melted butter or oil and vanilla. Combine egg mixture with dry ingredients and beat with rotary beater until smooth.\
Heat an 8-inch skillet over medium heat until moderately hot. Lightly grease the pan with a butter-coated pastry brush. Pour in just enough batter to cover the bottom of the pan, about 1/4 cup. Immediately tilt skillet back and forth to spread batter thinly and evenly. Cook each crepe over medium heat until light brown on bottom and firm to touch on top. Loosen edges with spatula. Turn and brown second side.\
Lay each crepe flat on a dessert plate. Spread the berries on one side of the crepe, covering about 1/3 of the surface. Then spread 2 tablespoons of cream over the berries and roll the crepe, starting with the berry side. Sprinkle lightly with powdered sugar and garnish with additional cream and berries.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\ql\qnatural

\f2\fs58 \cf5 Notes\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa200\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs52 \cf4 You can store any unused crepes between layers of waxed paper carefully placed in a \uc0\u8232 resealable bag or a freezer-proof container.\
}