{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red84\green84\blue84;\red51\green51\blue51;\red0\green101\blue159;
}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12020\viewh18620\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl520\sa80\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs62 \cf0 Spicy Apple Bottoms Crepes\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\fs36 \cf2 Yield:  \cf0 7 servings\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\ql\qnatural

\fs46 \cf0 INGREDIENTS\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}2 cups skim milk\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup canola oil, plus more for coating\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons cinnamon sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 eggs4 Fuji apples, cored and thinly sliced\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon ground cinnamon\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup caramel sauce\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup powdered sugar\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\ql\qnatural

\b\fs46 \cf0 DIRECTIONS\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa160\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs42 \cf3 Mix the milk, flour, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/canola-oil/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 canola oil}}, cinnamon sugar and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/eggs/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 eggs}} in a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/bl69er/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 blender}} until there are no lumps. \uc0\u8232 Place the apples in a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/frying-pan/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 frying pan}} over medium-high heat. Sprinkle the cinnamon over the apples while they cook, and continue cooking until they get nice and soft, about 5 minutes. \uc0\u8232 Heat a 10-inch pan over medium-high heat and coat with a tiny bit of canola oil so the crepe won't stick. Pour 1/2 cup of the milk-flour {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/batter/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 batter}} into the pan, turning so the batter coats the entire surface. Cook for 30 seconds, and then flip, using a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/spatula/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 spatula}} to loosen the edges. Put a large spoonful of the cooked {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cinnamon/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 cinnamon}} apples into the center of the crepe and continue cooking for 30 seconds longer. Fold the sides of the crepe over the apples and transfer to a plate folded-side down. \uc0\u8232 Top the crepes with the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/caramel/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 caramel}} sauce, and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/powdered-sugar/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 powdered sugar}}\cf4 .\cf3  }