{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Anchovy Bucatini
\f1\b0\fs32 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\b \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 4 servings\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs36 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}3 cups cubed stale Italian bread\
{\listtext	\'95	}Salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 pound bucatini pasta\
{\listtext	\'95	}8 tablespoons olive oil, divided\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 (2-ounce) cans anchovy fillets, in olive oil, minced\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup (2 large) roasted red bell peppers, seeded and finely minced\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup sweet onion, finely minced\
{\listtext	\'95	}7 garlic cloves, thinly sliced\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon red chili flakes\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup grated Parmigiano-Reggiano, divided\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/3 cup minced Italian parsley leaves\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F.\
Put about 3 cups stale Italian bread on a baking sheet and put in hot oven. Bake for 10 minutes, cool and add to the bowl of a food processor fitted with a bottom blade. Pulse into crumbs.\
Bring a large pot of water to a boil over medium heat. Salt the water and add the pasta. Cook until al dente. Remove 1 cup of the cooking water and reserve. Drain the pasta and set aside.\
In a large saute pan, add 4 tablespoons of the olive oil and the bread crumbs and cook over medium-high heat until golden and well coated. Remove from the pan to a plate.\
Add the remaining 4 tablespoons of the oil to the pan and when hot, add the anchovies and the minced red bell peppers and cook, rapidly, stirring them around with a wooden spoon, for about 2 minutes. Add the onions and cook for 6 to 8 minutes, stirring frequently. Add the garlic and chili flakes, cook for an additional 3 to 4 minutes. Add 1/2 to 1 cup of the bread crumbs and half of the cheese. Stir in the pasta, toss to combine, adding the cooking liquid as needed.\
Transfer to a serving platter and garnish with remaining cheese, bread crumbs and parsley. Serve immediately.\
}