{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww19120\viewh20240\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa240\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs54 \cf0 Baked Ziti
\fs40 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 Serves 8 to 10\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa360\ql\qnatural

\i\b0 \cf0 The test kitchen prefers baked ziti made with heavy cream, but whole milk can be substituted by increasing the amount of cornstarch to 2 teaspoons and increasing the cooking time in step 3 by 1 to 2 minutes. Our preferred brand of mozzarella is Dragone Whole Milk Mozzarella. Part-skim mozzarella can also be used, but avoid preshredded cheese, as it does not melt well. For tips on cooking with cottage cheese, see related How To Cook.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural

\i0\b \cf0 INGREDIENTS\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl520\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 		1
\b0  pound whole milk cottage cheese or 1 percent cottage cheese (see note)\
\ls1\ilvl0
\b 		2
\b0  large eggs , lightly beaten\
\ls1\ilvl0
\b 		3
\b0  ounces grated Parmesan cheese (about 1 1/2 cups)\
\ls1\ilvl0
\b 		\'a0
\b0  Table salt\
\ls1\ilvl0
\b 		1
\b0  pound ziti or other short, tubular pasta\
\ls1\ilvl0
\b 		2
\b0  tablespoons extra virgin olive oil\
\ls1\ilvl0
\b 		5
\b0  medium garlic cloves , minced or pressed through garlic press (about 5 teaspoons)\
\ls1\ilvl0
\b 		1
\b0  (28-ounce) can tomato sauce\
\ls1\ilvl0
\b 		1
\b0  (14.5-ounce) can diced tomatoes\
\ls1\ilvl0
\b 		1
\b0  teaspoon dried oregano\
\ls1\ilvl0
\b 		1/2
\b0  cup plus 2 tablespoons chopped fresh basil leaves\
\ls1\ilvl0
\b 		1
\b0  teaspoon sugar\
\ls1\ilvl0
\b 		\'a0
\b0  Ground black pepper\
\ls1\ilvl0
\b 		3/4
\b0  teaspoon cornstarch\
\ls1\ilvl0
\b 		1
\b0  cup heavy cream (see note)\
\ls1\ilvl0
\b 		8
\b0  ounces low-moisture whole-milk mozzarella cheese , cut into 1/4-inch pieces (about 1 1/2 cups) (see note)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 INSTRUCTIONS\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl360\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\b0 \cf0 		1. Adjust oven rack to middle position and heat oven to 350 degrees. Whisk cottage cheese, eggs, and 1 cup Parmesan together in medium bowl; set aside. Bring 4 quarts of water to boil in large Dutch oven over high heat. Stir in 1 tablespoon salt and pasta; cook, stirring occasionally, until pasta begins to soften but is not yet cooked through, 5 to 7 minutes. Drain pasta and leave in colander (do not wash Dutch oven).\
		2. Meanwhile, heat oil and garlic in 12-inch skillet over medium heat until garlic is fragrant but not brown, about 2 minutes. Stir in tomato sauce, diced tomatoes, and oregano; simmer until thickened, about 10 minutes. Off heat, stir in \'bd cup basil and sugar, then season with salt and pepper.\
		3. Stir cornstarch into heavy cream in small bowl; transfer mixture to now-empty Dutch oven set over medium heat. Bring to simmer and cook until thickened, 3 to 4 minutes. Remove pot from heat and add cottage cheese mixture, 1 cup tomato sauce, and \'be cup mozzarella, then stir to combine. Add pasta and stir to coat thoroughly with sauce.\
		4. Transfer pasta mixture to 13- by 9-inch baking dish and spread remaining tomato sauce evenly over pasta. Sprinkle remaining \'be cup mozzarella and remaining 1/2 cup Parmesan over top. Cover baking dish tightly with foil and bake for 30 minutes. \
		5. Remove foil and continue to cook until cheese is bubbling and beginning to brown, about 30 minutes longer. Cool for 20 minutes. Sprinkle with remaining 2 tablespoons basil and serve.\
}