{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Baked Farfalle With Escarole and Zucchini\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs32 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 6-8 servings\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs36 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}Kosher salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 pound {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/farfalle/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 farfalle}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons extra-virigin olive oil, plus more for brushing\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/garlic/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cloves garlic}}, sliced\
{\listtext	\'95	}Pinch of red pepper flakes\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 28-ounce can plum tomatoes\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 15-ounce can plum tomatoes\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 large sprigs basil, plus 1 cup chopped fresh basil\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup chopped fresh parsley\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 cups chopped escarole, sauteed\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 cups sliced {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/zucchini/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 zucchini}}, sauteed\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 cups shredded Italian {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/fontina/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 fontina cheese}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup freshly grated {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/parmigiano-reggiano/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 parmesan cheese}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Cook the farfalle until very al dente, 2 to 3 minutes less than the label directs; drain.\
Meanwhile, make the sauce: Heat the olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the garlic and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/red-pepper-flakes/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 red pepper flakes}} and cook until the garlic is golden. Crush the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/plum-tomato/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 plum tomatoes}} into the skillet with your hands; rinse out each can with 1/2 cup water and add the water to the skillet. Add the basil sprigs; simmer, uncovered, until the sauce is thickened, 15 minutes. Discard the basil; season the sauce with salt. (Alternatively, heat 4 cups prepared {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/tomato-sauce/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 tomato sauce}}.)\
Stir the chopped basil and parsley into the sauce, then add the escarole and zucchini.\
Brush a 3-to-4-quart {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cookware-and-bakeware-materials/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 baking dish}} with {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/olive-oil/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 olive oil}}. Toss the cooked pasta with the sauce and half of each cheese. Spread in the prepared baking dish. Sprinkle the remaining cheese over the pasta. Bake, uncovered, until browned, about 15 minutes. Let rest 15 minutes before serving.\
\
}