{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15560\viewh19620\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Baked Rigatoni with Sausage\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs32 \cf0 Serves: 6 to 8 servings
\fs24 \

\f0\b\fs52 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl300\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/salt/index.html"}}{\fldrslt Kosher Salt}}\cf0 \
{\listtext	\'95	}Extra-virgin olive oil\
{\listtext	\'95	}6 links  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/pork/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 pork}} sausage (about 3/4 pound)\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 large {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/onion/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 onion}}, chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 garlic cloves, chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 large can (28 ounces) peeled whole {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/tomato/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 tomatoes}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}Leaves from 1 small bunch basil\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 pound rigatoni\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 pound fresh mozzarella\
{\listtext	\'95	}Freshly ground black pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup freshly grated Parmigiano-Reggiano\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 Bring a large pot of salted water to a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/boil/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 boil}} over high heat for the pasta. Get yourself a 9 by 13-inch glass or ceramic baking dish.\
Heat a 2 count of olive oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Add the sausages and toss in the hot oil for 3 to 4 minutes, you want them nicely browned on the outside but still rare on the inside. Put the sausages in the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cookware-and-bakeware-materials/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 baking dish}}.\
Add a 2 count of oil to the skillet, then your onion and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/garlic/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 garlic}}, and cook for 3 to 4 minutes, until translucent. Dump the whole can of tomatoes and their juices into a bowl and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/crush/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 crush}} the tomatoes with your hands to break them up; add that to the pan with the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/basil/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 basil}} and cook it down until pulpy and relatively thick. This will take about 15 minutes.\
By this time your {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/pasta/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 pasta}} water will be boiling. Add the rigatoni, give it a stir, and cook for 6 to 7 minutes, it should be slightly firm as it will cook further in the oven. Ladle out 1/2 cup of the pasta cooking water and reserve; the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/drain/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 drain}} the rigatoni.\
Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/chop/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Chop}} the sausages into nice big, bite-size chunky pieces and return the pieces to the baking dish. Add the tomato sauce, rigatoni, and the reserved pasta water. Break up half the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/mozzarella/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 mozzarella}} over the mixture, season with salt and pepper, and gently mix with your hands or a spatula. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/dust/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Dust}} with the Parmigiano and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/drizzle/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 drizzle}} with more olive oil. Bake for 15 minutes. Spread the remaining mozzarella in an even layer over the top and continue to bake for another 10 minutes or until golden brown and bubbly.\
\
}