{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red61\green11\blue85;\red17\green17\blue17;\red73\green17\blue117;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13760\viewh16980\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa220\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs68 \cf2 Basic Marinara Sauce
\fs62 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa440\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs42 \cf3 Yields about 2.5 quarts\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa440\ql\qnatural

\fs54 \cf3 2 \'a0yellow onions, peeled and diced (about 2 cups diced)\uc0\u8232 2 Tbsp olive oil\u8232 5-6 cloves of garlic, minced (about 2 Tbsp)\u8232 2 Tbsp dried Italian herbs \u8232 1/2 cup red wine\u8232 12 cups peeled and seeded fresh ripe tomatoes*\u8232 salt and pepper to taste\
In a large soup pot, heat up the olive oil. Add the onions and cook slowly, on medium heat until they start to caramelize. They should be evenly brown and soft. Cooking them this way brings out the natural sweetness in the onions. Add the garlic and dried herbs and cook for 5 minutes. Deglaze the pan with the 1/2 cup of red wine and cook for 2 minutes more. Add the tomatoes and their juice and stir to combine. Bring to a simmer and cook on low, stirring occasionally for at least 2 hours, or longer depending on the water content of the tomatoes. The sauce should be thick with much of the water evaporated to concentrate the flavor (sometimes I let it cook 4-5 hours over a very low flame). Add salt and pepper to taste.{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.formerchef.com/wp-content/uploads/2009/09/marinaracooking.jpg"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \
}}*Start with 4-5 lbs of fresh, ripe, tomatoes. \
}