{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red153\green153\blue153;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww18660\viewh18300\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\sa280\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs50 \cf0 Caramelized Garlic and Shallot Pasta
\f1\fs28 \cf2 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b \cf0 Yield 
\b0\fs30 Serves 6\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa260\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs48 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sl320\sa120\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl1
\f1\fs40 \cf0 		2 tablespoons unsalted butter\
		1 1/2 pounds (about 15 medium) shallots, sliced crosswise into 1/4-inch rings\
		1 cup peeled garlic cloves (about 3 heads), large cloves halved lengthwise\
		2 teaspoons sugar\
		1 1/2 teaspoons salt, plus more for water\
		1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper\
		2 cups low-sodium canned chicken broth\
		13 ounces ruffle-shaped pasta\
		Fresh basil leaves, for garnish\
		Parmigiano-Reggiano cheese, for garnish\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\sa120\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 		\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa260\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs48 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\sa360\ql\qnatural
\ls3\ilvl0
\f1\fs40 \cf0 {\listtext	1.	}Heat butter in a large skillet over medium-low heat. Add shallots and garlic cloves, stirring to coat. Sprinkle with sugar, 1 teaspoon salt, and the pepper, and stir to combine. Cook until very soft and golden, about 1 hour, adding water 2 tablespoons at a time if the pan seems dry.\
{\listtext	2.	}Using a slotted spoon, transfer garlic and shallots to a bowl, and set aside. Add chicken stock, and bring to a boil, using a wooden spoon to scrape up any browned bits from the pan. Cook, stirring occasionally, until the mixture is reduced by one quarter, 2 to 4 minutes. Remove from heat, return garlic and shallots to pan, and keep warm while cooking pasta.\
{\listtext	3.	}Bring a large saucepan of salted water to a boil. Add pasta, and cook until al dente, about 8 minutes.\
{\listtext	4.	}Drain pasta, and return to saucepan. Stir in remaining 1/2 teaspoon salt, reserved garlic and shallots, and sauce. Cut basil leaves into thin strips. Divide the pasta and sauce among six serving bowls, and serve immediately garnished with basil and shaved Parmigiano-Reggiano.\
}