{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Chicken Sausage Rigatoni in a Spicy Vodka Sauce\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs32 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 4 servings\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs36 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon butter\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon olive oil\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 pound chicken sausage, casings removed\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup roughly chopped onion\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 jalapeno, chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 cloves garlic, finely chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup roughly chopped green pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon Hungarian hot paprika\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon Italian seasoning\
{\listtext	\'95	}Salt and freshly ground black pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 (28-ounce) can whole tomatoes with basil\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/3 cup vodka\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup heavy cream\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 pound rigatoni\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup grated Asiago cheese\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 tablespoons freshly chopped parsley leaves\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 Bring a large pot of water to boil for the pasta. In a large saute pan over medium heat melt butter with oil. Add chicken sausage and brown, 3 to 4 minutes, breaking up large chunks with a wooden spoon. Add onions, jalapenos and garlic and saute until softened, about 5 minutes. Add green pepper, paprika, Italian seasoning, salt and pepper, to taste, and cook 3 minutes more.\
Generously salt the pasta water and add the rigatoni. Cook until al dente, about 12 minutes.\
Meanwhile, add tomatoes to the sauce and bring to a simmer, for about 10 minutes. Add vodka and cream and cook a few minutes more. Toss in cheese and chopped parsley. To serve, drain the pasta well and add to the sauce. Mix until pasta is nicely coated. Season with salt and pepper, to taste.\
}