{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs54 \cf0 Fusilli with Sausage, Artichokes, and Sun-Dried Tomatoes\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs34 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 6 servings\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs46 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs44 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}3/4 cup drained oil-packed {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sun-dried-tomatoes/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 sun-dried tomatoes}}, sliced, 2 tablespoons of oil reserved\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 pound Italian hot sausages, casings removed\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 (8-ounce) packages frozen artichoke hearts\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 large {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/garlic/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cloves garlic}}, chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 3/4 cups {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/broth/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 chicken broth}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup dry white wine\
{\listtext	\'95	}16 ounces {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/fusilli/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 fusilli pasta}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup shredded Parmesan, plus additional for garnish\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/3 cup chopped fresh basil leaves\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup chopped fresh {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/italian-parsley/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Italian parsley leaves}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}8 ounces water-packed fresh {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/mozzarella/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 mozzarella}}, drained and cubed, optional\
{\listtext	\'95	}Salt and freshly ground pepper\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs46 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs44 \cf0 Heat the oil reserved from the tomatoes in a heavy large frying pan over medium-high heat. Add the sausages and cook until brown, breaking up the meat into bite-size pieces with a fork, about 8 minutes. Transfer the sausage to a bowl. Add the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/artichoke/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 artichokes}} and garlic to the same skillet, and saute over medium heat until the garlic is tender, about 2 minutes. Add the broth, wine, and sun-dried tomatoes. Boil over medium-high heat until the sauce reduces slightly, stirring occasionally, about 8 minutes.\
Meanwhile, bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Cook the fusilli in boiling water until tender but still firm to the bite, stirring often, about 8 minutes. Drain the pasta (do not rinse). Add the pasta, sausage, 1/2 cup Parmesan, basil, and parsley to the artichoke mixture. Toss until the sauce is almost absorbed by the pasta. Stir in the mozzarella. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper. Serve, passing the additional {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/parmigiano-reggiano/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Parmesan cheese}} alongside.\
}