{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red61\green61\blue61;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww26320\viewh19420\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri1000\sl500\sa80

\f0\b\fs44 \cf2 Fusilli with Spicy Pesto
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320

\f2\fs24 \cf2 Yield: 
\b0 4 to 6 servings
\f1 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa140

\f0\b\fs46 \cf2 Ingredients
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\sa80

\f2\fs42 \cf2 Pesto:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ri0\sl420

\b0 \cf2 1 cup chopped walnuts\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 2 cloves garlic, coarsely chopped\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 1 (2-inch long) red or green jalapeno pepper, stemmed
\f0\fs30 \
   
\f2\fs42 and coarsely chopped (remove seeds for less heat)
\f0\fs30 \

\f2\fs42 2 cups grated (4 ounces) Asiago cheese
\f0\fs30 \

\f2\fs42 2 teaspoons kosher salt
\f0\fs30 \

\f2\fs42 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper
\f0\fs30 \

\f2\fs42 3 ounces baby spinach
\f0\fs30 \

\f2\fs42 3 ounces arugula
\f0\fs30 \

\f2\fs42 \'bc cup extra-virgin olive oil
\f0\fs30 \

\f2\fs42 1 pound fusilli pasta
\f0\fs30 \

\f2\fs42 4 ounces Asiago cheese, shaved
\f0\fs30 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ri0\sl420

\f2\fs42 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa140

\f0\b\fs46 \cf2 Directions
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa180

\f2\b0\fs42 \cf2 For the pesto: In a food processor, combine the walnuts, garlic, jalapeno, cheese, salt and pepper. Process until the mixture is smooth. Add the spinach and arugula and process until blended. With the machine running, gradually add the olive oil.\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil over high heat. Add the pasta and cook until tender but still firm to the bite, stirring occasionally, about 8 to 10 minutes. Drain and reserve about 1 cup of the pasta water. \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs30 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f2\fs42 \cf0 Place the cooked pasta and pesto in a large serving bowl. 
\f0\fs30 \

\f2\fs42 Toss well and thin out the sauce with a little pasta water, if needed.
\f0\fs30 \

\f2\fs42 Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Garnish with Asiago cheese shavings and serve.
\f0\fs30 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1 \cf0 \
}