{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red165\green189\blue83;\red0\green13\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14700\viewh19280\viewkind0
\deftab720

\itap1\trowd \taflags0 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trwWidth15640\trftsWidth3 \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clcbpat1 \clwWidth15400\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadl120 \clpadr120 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Garlicky Linguine with Seared Shrimp, Chipotle and Queso Anejo
\b0\fs42 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl300\sa240\ql\qnatural

\fs36 \cf0 Serves 8 as a first course, 4 to 6 as a main dish
\fs42 \
\
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl300\sa240\ql\qnatural
\cf2 \cb2 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl240\sa100\ql\qnatural

\f1\b\fs40 \cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd12\expndtw60
INGREDIENTS\
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl300\sa240\ql\qnatural

\f0\b0\fs42 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 2/3 cup {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.rickbayless.com/recipe/view?recipeID=244"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 Slow-Cooked Garlic Mojo }}(stir before measuring)(recipe below)\uc0\u8232 1 pound medium shrimp, peeled and (if you wish) deveined\u8232 Salt\u8232 1 to 3 canned chipotle chiles en adobo, seeded and finely chopped\u8232 1 pound dried linguine\u8232 2 or 3 tablespoons coarsely chopped watercress, parsley or cilantro\u8232 3/4 cup grated Mexican queso anejo, Parmesan or Romano\
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl300\sa240\ql\qnatural
\cf2 \cb2 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl240\sa100\ql\qnatural

\f1\b\fs40 \cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd12\expndtw60
DIRECTIONS\
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl300\sa240\ql\qnatural

\f0\b0\fs42 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
Fill a very large (6- to 8-quart) pot about 2/3 full of water.\'a0 Add 2 tablespoons salt, cover and bring to a boil over high heat.\
Meanwhile, spoon 2 tablespoons of the oil from the mojo into a very large (12-inch) skillet.\'a0 Set over medium-high heat.\'a0 Pat the shrimp dry, sprinkle with salt and, when the oil is hot, lay them in the skillet.\'a0 Cook until the shrimp just lose their translucency in the center, about 1 minute per side. Remove the skillet from the heat and stir in the chopped chile(s) and the rest of the mojo.\'a0\
Slide the pasta into the boiling water, stir, then let boil until the pasta is as done as you like\'97usually about 6 minutes for al dente linguine.\'a0\
Remove 1/2 cup of the pasta water, then pour the pasta into a colander set in a sink. Return the pasta and the 1/2 cup water to the pot.\'a0 Scrape in the shrimp mixture, sprinkle with the chopped watercress, parsley or cilantro, toss together and divide among warm plates.\'a0 Sprinkle with the grated cheese and serve without hesitation.\
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\b\fs52 \cf0 Slow Roasted Garlic Mojo\
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl300\sa240\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs36 \cf0 Makes about 3 cups mojo de ajo (made with 2 cups of oil)
\fs42 \
\
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl300\sa240\ql\qnatural
\cf2 \cb2 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl240\sa100\ql\qnatural

\f1\b\fs40 \cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd12\expndtw60
INGREDIENTS\
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl300\sa240\ql\qnatural

\f0\b0\fs42 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 4 large heads garlic\uc0\u8232 \'a0\'a0\'a0
\b OR 
\b0 10 ounces (about 1 3/4 cups) peeled garlic cloves\uc0\u8232 2 or 3 cups fruity olive oil\u8232 1 teaspoon salt\u8232 1/2 cup fresh lime juice\
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl300\sa240\ql\qnatural
\cf2 \cb2 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl240\sa100\ql\qnatural

\f1\b\fs40 \cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd12\expndtw60
DIRECTIONS\
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl300\sa240\ql\qnatural

\f0\b0\fs42 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
Heat the oven to 325 degrees.\'a0 Break the heads of garlic apart, then mash each clove (a fist against the side of a knife is what I do) to release the clove from its papery skin; if using already-peeled garlic, scoop the cloves into a heavy plastic bag and use a rolling pin to mash them slightly.\'a0\
Stir together the garlic, oil and salt in an 8x8-inch baking pan (make sure all the garlic is submerged), slide it into the oven and bake until the garlic is soft and lightly brown, about 45 to 55 minutes.\'a0\
Add the lime juice and return to the oven for 20 minutes for the garlic to absorb the lime and turn golden brown.\'a0 (If you\'92re using the larger quantity of oil, ladle off 1 cup\'97no garlic cloves\'97and store it in a cool dry place for use in salad dressing or saut\'e9ing.)\'a0\
Using an old-fashioned potato masher or large fork, mash the garlic into a coarse puree.\'a0 Pour the mixture into a wide-mouth storage container and refrigerate it until you\'92re ready to enjoy some deliciousness. The mojo will last for up to three months as long as the garlic stays submerged under the oil.\
\'a0\
\
\
\cell \lastrow\row
}