{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red100\green153\blue46;\red63\green63\blue63;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww18600\viewh17580\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl700\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs68 \cf0 Caramelized Garlic And Shallot Pasta
\f1\b\fs26 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi-199980\sl340\ql\qnatural

\b\fs44 \cf2 INGREDIENTS\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf3 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl360\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\fs48 \cf3 {\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons unsalted butter\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 pounds (about 15 medium) shallots, sliced crosswise into 1/4-inch rings\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup peeled garlic cloves (about 3 heads), large cloves halved lengthwise\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 teaspoons sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 teaspoons coarse salt, plus more for water\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 cups homemade chicken stock or low-sodium store-bought chicken broth, skimmed of fat\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 pound farfalle, rigatoni, or cavatelli\
{\listtext	\'95	}Fresh basil leaves, for garnish\
{\listtext	\'95	}Parmigiano-Reggiano cheese, for garnish\
\pard\pardeftab720\fi-199980\sl340\ql\qnatural

\f1\b\fs44 \cf2 PROCEDURES\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural

\f0\b0\fs48 \cf3 Heat the butter in a large skillet over medium\'adlow heat. Add the shallots and garlic cloves, stirring to coat. Sprinkle with the sugar, 1 teaspoon salt, and the pepper, and stir to combine. Cook until very soft and golden, about 1 hour, adding water 2 table\'adspoons at a time if the pan seems dry.\
\
Using a slotted spoon, transfer the garlic and shallots to a bowl, and set aside. Add the chicken stock, and bring to a boil, using a wooden spoon to scrape up any browned bits from the pan. Cook, stir\'adring occasionally, until the mixture is reduced by one-quarter, about 5 minutes. Remove from the heat, return the garlic and shallots to the pan, and keep warm while cooking the pasta.\
\
Cover a large pot of salted water, and bring to a boil. Drop the pasta into the boiling water; stir to keep pasta from sticking. Cook until al dente; drain and return to saucepan. Stir in 1/2 teaspoon salt, re\'adserved garlic and shallots, and sauce. Cut basil leaves into thin strips. Divide pasta and sauce among six serving bowls; garnish with the basil and shaved Parmigiano-Reggiano. Serve hot.
\f1\b\fs44 \cf2 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl360\qr
\ls2\ilvl0
\f0\b0\fs66 \cf0 \uc0\u8232 
\fs48 \cf3 \uc0\u8232 }