{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red84\green84\blue84;\red51\green51\blue51;\red0\green101\blue159;
\red102\green102\blue102;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid4}
{\list\listtemplateid5\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid5}
{\list\listtemplateid6\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid6}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}{\listoverride\listid5\listoverridecount0\ls5}{\listoverride\listid6\listoverridecount0\ls6}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14860\viewh20100\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl520\sa80\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs60 \cf0 Homemade Pasta with Meatballs\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\fs34 \cf2 Yield:  \cf0 4 to 6 servings\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\ql\qnatural

\fs50 \cf0 INGREDIENTS\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0\fs46 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}2 cups pasta or Italian 00 flour\
{\listtext	\'95	}Fat pinch salt\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}4 eggs\
MEATBALLS:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls3\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}9 ounces ground pork\
{\listtext	\'95	}9 ounces ground beef\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 egg\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoon freshly grated Parmesan\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 garlic clove, minced\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls4\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon dried oregano\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 tablespoons fine bread crumbs or semolina\
{\listtext	\'95	}Good grind black pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon salt\
TOMATO SAUCE:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls5\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 onion\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 cloves garlic\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon dried oregano\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon unsalted butter\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon olive oil (not extra-virgin)\
{\listtext	\'95	}24 ounces canned tomatoes, in puree\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls6\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}3/4 cup water\
{\listtext	\'95	}Pinch sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}Salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}Freshly ground black pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/3 cup plus 1 tablespoon whole milk\
{\listtext	\'95	}\cf3 Meatballs, recipe follows\
\ls6\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}\cf3 Tomato sauce, recipe follows\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa280\ql\qnatural

\b\fs52 \cf3 DIRECTIONS
\b0\fs46 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\ql\qnatural
\cf3 Make a mound of flour, with a well in the top of the mound and add the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/eggs/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 eggs}} into the well.  Mix the flour and eggs together, and then {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/knead/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 knead}} the mixture until it comes together in a satiny mass. Kneading involves no more than pushing the mixture away from you with the heels of your hands and then bringing it back toward you. Alternately, you can use an electric {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/mixer/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 mixer}} with a dough hook. When the pasta is silky smooth, form it into a ball, cover with a cloth and leave for 30 minutes to 1 hour. Then get out your {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/pasta-machines/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 pasta machine}}, read the instructions and away you go. Put through the no. 1 press quite a few times, folding the strip in 1/2 and pushing it through again after each time. When the pasta {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/dough/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 dough}}'s been fed a few times through the no. 1 slot, pass it through the remaining numbers on the gauge before pushing it through the tagliatelle-cutters.  Hang the cut pasta to dry (10 minutes is enough).\
When you cook the pasta, make sure you've got plenty of boiling, salted water and start testing as soon as the water comes back to the boil after you've put the pasta in. Use about 1/3 of the Meatballs in their sauce to toss with the cooked, drained pasta and then pour the rest of them over the scantly sauced ribbons in the bowl. \

\b Meatballs:
\b0 \
Just put everything in a large bowl and then, using your hands, mix to combine before shaping into small balls. Place the meatballs on baking sheets or plates that you have lined with {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/plastic-wrap/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 plastic wrap}}, and put in the refrigerator as you finish them.\

\fs34 \

\b\fs48 Tomato Sauce:
\b0 \
Put the onion, garlic and oregano into the processor and blitz to a pulp. Heat the butter and oil in a deep, wide pan, then scrape the onion-garlic mix into it and cook over low to medium heat for about 10 minutes. Don't let the mixture stick, just let it become soft. Add the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/tomato/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 tomatoes}} and then add about 3/4 cup cold water to the pan with a pinch of sugar and some salt and pepper, and cook for about 10 minutes. The {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/tomato-sauce/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 tomato sauce}} may appear thin at this stage, but don't worry, as it will thicken a little later. Stir in the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/milk/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 milk}}, and then drop the meatballs in 1 at a time. Don't stir the pan until the meatballs have turned from pink to brown, as you don't want to break them up. Cook everything for about 20 minutes, with the lid only partially covering it. At the end of cooking time, check the seasoning, as you may want more salt and a grind or 2 more of pepper.\

\fs34 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural

\fs30 \cf5 \
}