{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red164\green194\blue114;\red47\green43\blue34;\red45\green57\blue24;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16080\viewh17740\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa400\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs48 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd8\expndtw40
Honey Whole Wheat Pizza Dough
\fs40 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li40\ri760\sl360\sa120\ql\qnatural

\f1\i\fs24 \cf3 \kerning1\expnd4\expndtw20
yields 2 medium-large pizza doughs
\i0 \kerning1\expnd4\expndtw20
\

\fs38 1 cup lukewarm water\uc0\u8232 3 cups whole wheat flour\u8232 3 tbsp. honey\u8232 1 tsp. kosher salt\u8232 2 tbsp. olive oil plus extra for spreading on dough\u8232 2 tsp. yeast\u8232 1-2 tsp. cornmeal\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa380\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs44 \cf4 \kerning1\expnd8\expndtw40
Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\li40\ri-6520\sl360\sa120\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs38 \cf3 \kerning1\expnd4\expndtw20
Place the ingredients into your bread machine, starting with the wet ingredients, followed by the dry and then the yeast. Follow the instructions for your bread machine.\
Preheat oven to 450 degrees.\'a0 Place the pizza stone in the oven while it\'92s preheating.\
Once the dough is ready, split it into two pieces and roll each out separately on a lightly-floured surface until it\'92s the right size to fit on the pizza stone.\'a0 Sprinkle some cornmeal, about 1 teaspoon, over the stone once it\'92s hot to keep the pizza from sticking. I also put some cornmeal on the peel so the dough doesn\'92t stick when I transfer it to the oven.\
I pre-bake my pizza dough a little before I put any toppings on it. I find this makes the dough nice and crunchy with a good chewiness to it. Just place each dough, separately, on the stone.\'a0 Spread the dough evenly over the stone.\'a0 Make several puncture holes with a fork to help keep the bubbling down. Brush the entire surface of the dough with a light layer of olive oil. This will help keep the dough chewy and not brittle. As it bakes, check on it to make sure its not bubbling. If it is, just press down any large bubbles with a spatula. Once the dough starts to become golden, take it out of the oven and place your favorite toppings on it. Then, just place back in the oven to finish cooking the toppings.\
\
\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\li40\ri-6520\sl360\ql\qnatural
\cf3 \kerning1\expnd4\expndtw20
Enjoy!}