{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red61\green11\blue85;\red17\green17\blue17;\red73\green17\blue117;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12780\viewh15400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa440\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs64 \cf2 How to Peel and Seed Fresh Tomatoes
\f1\fs34 \cf3 \

\fs54 Bring a large pot of water to a boil. Fill a large bowl with ice and cold\'a0water.\
When the water is boiling, gently lower the 7-10\'a0tomatoes into the pot of water. I use a large slotted spoon/spatula to do this so as to avoid splashing boiling water on myself. 
\i Trust me on this
\i0 . I only do\'a07-10 at a time because the tomatoes only need 15-30 seconds in the water, so you want to be able to get them all out fast before they start to cook inside. The goal is to loosen the skin, not cook the tomato.\uc0\u8232 Once the skin on the tomato starts to wrinkle or pull apart (15-30 seconds), quickly remove them from the boiling water using tongs or a slotted spoon\'a0and put them in the ice water to stop them from cooking (this is called \'93shocking\'94).\u8232 Leave them in the ice water\'a0for 15-30 seconds and then take them out and put them in another bowl.\'a0\u8232 Repeat the process with the rest of the tomatoes, until they have all been blanched and shocked.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa440\ql\qnatural

\b \cf3 How to Peel Tomatoes:{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://69.89.31.202/~gourmeu8/formerchef/wp-content/uploads/2009/08/peeledtom3.jpg"}}{\fldrslt 
\b0 \cf4 \
}}\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa440\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf3 Once you\'92ve blanched it, the skin should just slip right off.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa440\ql\qnatural

\b \cf3 Seeding the Tomato{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://69.89.31.202/~gourmeu8/formerchef/wp-content/uploads/2009/08/seedingtomatoes.jpg"}}{\fldrslt 
\b0 \cf4 \
}}\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa440\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf3 Use strainer to catch the seeds and reserve the juice. Conversely, you could just do it over a bowl and strain it all later.\uc0\u8232 Pull or cut the tomato apart and push out the seeds. When finished, add the reserved juice back into the peeled and seeded tomatoes.\u8232 
\fs48 \
}