{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13780\viewh16880\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs50 \cf0 Lasagna\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs30 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 6 servings\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup olive oil\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 onion, diced\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 garlic cloves, minced\
{\listtext	\'95	}Pinch {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/salt/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 kosher salt}} and freshly ground black pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 pound ground veal\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 pound {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/ground-beef/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 ground beef}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 pound spicy {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/italian-sausage/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Italian sausage}}, loose or removed from casings\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup dry white wine\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 (28-ounce) can San Marzano tomatoes, with their juice\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 bay leaves\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 pound dried {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/lasagna/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 lasagna}} noodles\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 pounds whole milk {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/ricotta/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 ricotta}} cheese\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup chopped fresh flat-leaf {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/parsley/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 parsley}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup chopped fresh {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/basil/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 basil}} leaves\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup chopped fresh {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/oregano/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 oregano}} leaves\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 large eggs\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup grated {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/parmesan/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Parmesan}}, plus more for final topping\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 pound fresh {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/mozzarella/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 mozzarella}} cheese, grated\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 In a large {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/dutch-oven/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Dutch oven}} or heavy pot, heat the olive oil over medium heat. Add the onion, garlic, and a three-finger pinch of salt and sweat them until they're translucent, about 2 minutes. Add the ground veal, beef and sausage, and season with another healthy {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/pinch/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 pinch}} of salt. Cook until the meat is browned, about 10 minutes. Stir in the white wine, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/tomato/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 tomatoes}} and their juice, and the bay leaves. Scrape the bottom of the pot with a wooden spoon, making sure to get all of the browned bits into the sauce. Season the sauce with salt, to taste, and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/simmer/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 simmer}} for 2 hours over medium heat. Remove the bay leaves and neck bones and let cool. Skim any fat that rises to the surface.\
Bring a large pot of water to a boil over medium heat. Add enough salt so that it tastes seasoned and allow the water to return to a boil. Add the noodles and cook until {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/al-dente/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 al dente}}. Drain well and set aside.\
In a medium bowl mix together the ricotta, parsley, basil, oregano, eggs, and Parmesan with a pinch of salt.\
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.\
Ladle about 1 cup of {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sauce/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 sauce}} on the bottom of a lasagna pan. Arrange a layer of {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/noodles/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 noodles}} followed by a layer of sauce and then some of the ricotta mixture. Top with a layer of mozzarella, smoothing it with a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/spatula/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 spatula}} to the edges. Repeat the process until the pan is full. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/finish/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Finish}} with a final layer of noodles, sauce, the mozzarella, and Parmesan.\
Cover the lasagna with aluminum foil and bake for 1 hour. Uncover and bake for 30 minutes. Remove the pan from the oven and let it rest, 5 to 10 minutes before serving.\
}