{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15900\viewh17320\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs50 \cf0 Linguine with Shrimp Scampi
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\b \cf2 Serves: 
\b0 \cf0 3 servings\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs46 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs44 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}Vegetable oil\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/salt/index.html"}}{\fldrslt Kosher salt}}\cf0 \
{\listtext	\'95	}3/4 pound linguine\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 tablespoons unsalted butter\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 1/2 tablespoons good olive oil\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 tablespoons minced {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/garlic/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 garlic}} (4 cloves)\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 pound large {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/shrimp/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 shrimp}} (about 16 shrimp), peeled and deveined\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/3 cup chopped fresh {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/parsley/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 parsley}} leaves\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 lemon, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/zest/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 zest}} grated\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup freshly squeezed lemon juice (2 lemons)\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/lemon/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 lemon}}, thinly sliced in half-rounds\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/8 teaspoon hot red pepper flakes\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs46 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/drizzle/index.html"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1\b0\fs44 \cf2 Drizzle}}
\f1\b0\fs44  some oil in a large pot of boiling salted water, add 1 tablespoon of salt and the linguine, and cook for 7 to 10 minutes, or according to the directions on the package.\
Meanwhile, in another large (12-inch), heavy-bottomed pan, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/melt/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 melt}} the butter and olive oil over medium-low heat. Add the garlic. Saute for 1 minute. Be careful, the garlic burns easily! Add the shrimp, 1 1/2 teaspoons of salt, and the pepper and saute until the shrimp have just turned pink, about 5 minutes, stirring often. Remove from the heat, add the parsley, lemon zest, lemon juice, lemon slices, and red pepper flakes. Toss to combine.\
When the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/pasta/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 pasta}} is done, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/drain/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 drain}} the cooked linguine and then put it back in the pot. Immediately add the shrimp and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sauce/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 sauce}}, toss well, and serve.}