{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14680\viewh15060\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs60 \cf0 Linguine with Avocado and Arugula Pesto\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs40 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 4 to 6 servings\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs46 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs44 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 pound linguine pasta\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 medium avocados, halved, peeled, and seeded (about 12 ounces total)\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 cups baby arugula leaves (3 ounces)\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 packed cup fresh basil leaves\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 tablespoons fresh lime juice (from 2 large limes)\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 cloves garlic, peeled and smashed\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon kosher salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup grated Parmesan (4 ounces)\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup sliced almonds, toasted (see Cook's Note)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs46 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs44 \cf0 Cook's Note: To toast the almonds, arrange in a single layer on a baking sheet. Bake in a preheated 350 degrees F oven for 6 to 8 minutes until lightly toasted. Cool completely before using.\
\
Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil over high heat. Add the pasta and cook until tender but still firm to the bite, stirring occasionally, 8 to 10 minutes. Drain and reserve about 1 cup of the pasta water. Place in a serving bowl.\
\
Using a spoon, scoop out the flesh from the avocados and place in a food processor. Add the arugula, basil, lime juice, garlic, salt, and pepper. Blend until smooth.\
\
Pour the pesto over the pasta and toss together. Add the cheese and almonds and toss together until coated, adding the pasta water, as needed, to loosen the sauce.\
}