{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red61\green61\blue61;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri1000\sl500\sa80\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf2 Linguine with White Clams
\fs42 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs28 \cf2 Yield: 
\b0 4 to 6 servings\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs46 \cf2 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl420\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs36 \cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}1 pound dry spaghetti\
{\listtext	\'95	}Kosher salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/3 cup extra-virgin olive oil\
{\listtext	\'95	}6 cloves finely chopped garlic\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon red pepper flakes\
{\listtext	\'95	}3/4 cup dry white wine\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup water\
{\listtext	\'95	}36 littleneck clams, scrubbed\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 tablespoons finely chopped flat-leaf parsley\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 to 3 tablespoons butter or extra-virgin olive oil, if desired\
{\listtext	\'95	}Fried Zucchini Coins, if desired, for garnish, recipe follows\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs46 \cf2 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa180\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs36 \cf2 \
Bring a large pot of water to a boil and season generously with salt. Boil the pasta until al dente, tender but still firm.\
While the pasta cooks, make the clam sauce. Heat the olive oil in a large skillet over medium-low heat. Add the garlic and cook until soft but not brown, about 3 minutes. Add the pepper flakes and cook for 30 seconds more. Add the wine and water and increase the heat to high. Add the clams, cover, and cook, gently shaking the pan periodically, until all the clams are opened, about 6 to 8 minutes.\
Drain the pasta and transfer to a large serving bowl. Add butter or extra-virgin olive oil, if desired. Pour the clam sauce over the pasta, scatter with the parsley and toss. Season with salt, to taste. Divide among heated bowls and serve immediately, garnished with Fried Zucchini Coins.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs46 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa180\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs36 \cf2 Fried Zucchini Coins\
1/2 cup cornmeal\
1/4 cup all-purpose flour\
1 teaspoon dried basil\
1 teaspoon kosher salt, plus for seasoning\
1/4 teaspoon cayenne\
Freshly ground black pepper\
2 large eggs, slightly beaten\
Vegetable oil, for shallow frying\
2 small zucchini, sliced into 1/8 to 1/4-inch thick coins\
Line a dish with paper towels and set aside. Whisk the cornmeal, flour, basil, salt, cayenne, and pepper in a bowl.\
Beat the eggs in another bowl.\
Heat 1/4-inch vegetable oil in a skillet over medium heat until hot but not smoking.\
Working in small batches, toss the zucchini coins in the eggs, then coat in the cornmeal mixture to cover completely. Carefully drop the zucchini into the oil, and fry until golden brown, about 2 minutes on each side or until crisp. Remove from the oil with a slotted spoon and place on the prepared plate. Season with salt, cool slightly and serve.\
\
}