{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww19800\viewh17260\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Linguini with Portobello Cream Sauce  \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs32 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 4 servings\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs36 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons butter\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 large portobello mushroom caps, wiped clean and gills scraped, thinly sliced\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon ground thyme\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 large shallot, finely chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 cloves garlic, sliced\
{\listtext	\'95	}Salt and freshly ground black pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/3 cup port or Marsala\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup chicken stock\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 cups heavy cream\
{\listtext	\'95	}A few grates nutmeg\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 pound linguini\
    \'95	Freshly grated Parmigiano-Reggiano\
	\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 In a medium saucepan, heat the extra-virgin olive oil, a turn of the pan, and butter over medium to medium-high heat. Add the mushrooms and brown for 10 minutes. Stir in the thyme, shallots and garlic. Season with salt and pepper, to taste, and cook for 2 to 3 minutes more. Stir in the port or Marsala, the stock and the cream. Season the sauce with a little nutmeg, then reduce the heat and simmer until it is just thick enough to coat the back of a spoon. Cool completely and store in the refrigerator for a make-ahead meal. Reheat the sauce, covered, over medium heat until it bubbles, then reduce heat to low.\
Bring a large pot of water to a boil over medium heat. Salt the water and add the pasta. Cook until al dente and then drain. Add the pasta to a large serving bowl.\
Add the warm sauce to the pasta and serve with cheese.}