{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13720\viewh14360\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 Posole Mexican Lasagna
\f1\b0\fs38 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Serves: 6 servings\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl300\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs38 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 pounds ground pork\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon ground {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cumin/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cumin}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon ground {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/coriander/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 coriander}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}Salt and freshly ground black pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 (15-ounce) can {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/hominy/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 hominy}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 large red onion, chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 cloves garlic, grated or chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 jalapeno or serrano peppers, chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}12 large tomatillos (14 to 16 if small), peeled and coarsely chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}A handful {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cilantro/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cilantro}} or {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/parsley/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 parsley}} leaves\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 avocados\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 limes\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/honey/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 honey}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 package large {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/tortilla/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 flour tortillas}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 pound pepper {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/jack-cheese/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Jack cheese}}, shredded\
{\listtext	\'95	}Sour cream, to pass at table\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs38 \cf0 Place rack in oven in middle of oven and heat broiler or place oven on 400 degrees F.\
\
Heat 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil, a turn of the pan, in a skillet over medium-high heat. Add pork and crumble up as it browns. While pork browns, season the meat with cumin, coriander and salt and pepper. Once browned evenly, stir in hominy and reduce heat to simmer.\
\
While meat cooks heat 1 tablespoon olive oil in a sauce pot, add onions, garlic and peppers, season with salt and pepper and saute until softened 5 to 6 minutes. Place tomatillos and cilantro or parsley in {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/food-processor/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 food processor}} and process until almost smooth. Pour into onion and garlic mixture and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/simmer/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 simmer}} to mellow, 5 to 6 minutes more. Replace the processor bowl. Pit and scoop the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/avocado/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 avocado}} flesh into the processor, add the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/lime/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 lime}} zest and juice. Add the honey, puree until smooth and season with a little salt. Stir the avocado mixture into the green sauce and remove from heat.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/char/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Char}} all of the tortillas over an open flame or in dry hot skillet.\
\
In a baking dish layer {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sauce/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 sauce}}, tortilla, meat, cheese, tortilla, sauce, meat, cheese, etc. End with a layer of tortilla, sauce and finally cheese. Place {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cookware-and-bakeware-materials/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 baking dish}} in the oven and bake for 4 to 5 minutes until bubbly and cheese is brown. Pass {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sour-cream/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 sour cream}} at the table.}