{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs50 \cf0 Pancetta Bacon Pasta\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs30 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 5 servings\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs34 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs42 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs40 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/clarified-butter/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 clarified butter}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 pound 4 ounces {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/pancetta/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Pancetta}}, diced, recipe follows\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon finely diced garlic\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup white wine\
{\listtext	\'95	}5 ounces heavy cream\
{\listtext	\'95	}Cooked pasta, for serving\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup finely grated Parmesan, plus more for serving\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 teaspoon ground white pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 teaspoon salt\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs42 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs40 \cf0 Heat the butter in a large saute pan. Add the Pancetta and saute until slightly brown. Add the garlic, saute briefly, and then {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/deglaze/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 deglaze}} with the wine. Reduce the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/wine/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 wine}} by half, and then add the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cream/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 heavy cream}}. Reduce this by one third, and then toss in your cooked {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/pasta/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 pasta}}. Heat the pasta through and add the Parmesan, white pepper, and salt and toss. Pour into bowls and add more {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/parmigiano-reggiano/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Parmesan cheese}} (as much as you like).\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}This recipe was provided by professional chefs and has been scaled down from a bulk recipe provided by a restaurant. The Food Network Kitchens chefs have not tested this recipe, in the proportions indicated, and therefore, we cannot make any representation as to the results.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs42 \cf0 Pancetta:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls3\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs40 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}5 pounds fresh pork belly\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 teaspoons pink salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 ounces kosher salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 1/2 tablespoons {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sugar/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 brown sugar}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 tablespoons ground black pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon ground {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/white-pepper/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 white pepper}}, plus more for dusting\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons juniper berries, cracked\
{\listtext	\'95	}5 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/bay-leaf/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 bay leaves}}, crumbled small\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon ground {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/nutmeg/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 nutmeg}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 teaspoon ground {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/allspice/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 allspice}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon dried {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/thyme/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 thyme}} leaves\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons pureed fresh {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/garlic/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 garlic}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}5 sprigs fresh thyme\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Ask your butcher for a 5 pound, nice square piece of {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/pork/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 pork}} belly (skinless) that will fit into a 2-gallon zip-top bag.\
Pat the belly with paper towels to dry. Mix together all the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/spices/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 spices}}. Wearing plastic gloves, rub the cure mixture into both sides of the belly. Place in a 2-gallon zip-top bag, put on a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/jelly-roll-pan/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 sheet pan}}, and refrigerate. Every day for 1 week, turn the bag over and massage the belly (through the bag) to ensure saturation. The pork will take on a slightly darker color than what it was. This is a sign that the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cure/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cure}} is working. It will also {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/draw/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 draw}} some moisture out of the belly. When the meat is darker and firmer, remove the belly from the bag and run under water to remove any cure {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sediment/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 sediment}}. Pat dry and lightly cover with a dusting of ground white pepper. Roll the belly very tightly into a log and wrap tightly with {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cheesecloth/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cheesecloth}}. Tie the end and hang in a 34 to 38 degree F refrigerator for at least 2 weeks.At this time the bacon should be fully cured and have a good firmness when squeezed.\
}