{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red61\green61\blue61;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14680\viewh16680\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri1000\sl500\sa80\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs50 \cf2 Bow Tie Pasta and Artichoke Sauce
\fs42 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs28 \cf2 Yield: 
\b0 6 servings
\f0\b\fs36 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa140\ql\qnatural

\fs50 \cf2 Ingredients\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\sa80\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs40 \cf2 Grilled Artichokes:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl420\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0 \cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 clove garlic, crushed\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon JP's spice mix, recipe follows\
{\listtext	\'95	}9 small artichoke hearts, sliced in 1/2\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\sa80\ql\qnatural

\b \cf2 Sauce:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl420\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\b0 \cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}3 small mushrooms, sliced\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 clove garlic crushed\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon extra-virgin olive oil\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 (14-ounce) can spaghetti sauce\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup water\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon JP's special spice mix, recipe follows\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 teaspoon fine salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 teaspoon sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 medium tomatoes, seeded and diced\
{\listtext	\'95	}12 ounces bow tie pasta\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs50 \cf2 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa180\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs40 \cf2 In medium mixing bowl, add olive oil, garlic, JP's spice mix, and artichoke hearts. Let marinate for 1 hour.\
Preheat grill to high.\
Lower flame and place artichokes on grill, cook until tender, about 10 to 15 minutes. Remove and set aside. When cool enough to handle, slice 8 of the artichokes thinly.\
Sauce:\
In small saucpan, saute sliced mushrooms and crushed garlic in olive oil over medium-high heat until mushrooms start to brown, about 5 minutes. Set aside.\
In a medium pot, over medium heat, add spaghetti sauce, water, spice mix, salt, and sugar. Bring to a simmer, and add diced tomatoes, 8 grilled artichoke hearts, and mushrooms. Simmer about 1 minute and remove from heat.\
In large pot, over medium heat, boil bow tie pasta until soft. Remove and put in pasta bowl. Pour pasta sauce over pasta. Slice last grilled artichoke and fan on top for decoration.\
Serve immediately.
\f0\b\fs50 \

\f1\b0\fs40 JP's Special Spice Mix:\
1/2 teaspoon dried rosemary\
1/2 teaspoon cayenne pepper\
1/2 teaspoon dried mint\
1/2 teaspoon crushed red pepper\
1/2 teaspoon seasoning salt\
1/2 teaspoon dried oregano\
1/2 teaspoon dried thyme\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs50 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa180\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs40 \cf2 In an airtight container, mix all spices thoroughly.}