{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Pastitsio\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs32 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 8 servings\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs36 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 For the Tomato Meat Sauce:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}3 tablespoons good {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/olive-oil/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 olive oil}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 cups chopped yellow onion (1 large)\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 pound lean {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/beef/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 ground beef}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 pound lean ground lamb\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup dry red wine\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon minced garlic (3 large {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/clove/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cloves}})\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon ground {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cinnamon/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cinnamon}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon dried {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/oregano/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 oregano}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon fresh thyme leaves\
{\listtext	\'95	}Pinch of {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cayenne-pepper/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cayenne pepper}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 can (28 ounces) crushed tomatoes in puree\
{\listtext	\'95	}Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 For the Bechamel:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 cups whole milk\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cream/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 heavy cream}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 tablespoons (1/2 stick) {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/butter/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 unsalted butter}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/flour/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 all-purpose flour}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg\
{\listtext	\'95	}Salt and freshly ground black pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 cups freshly grated Parmesan or {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/kasseri/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Kasseri cheese}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 extra-large eggs, beaten\
{\listtext	\'95	}2/3 cup Greek-style {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/yogurt/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 yogurt}}, such as Fage Total\
{\listtext	\'95	}3/4 pound small shells\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 For the sauce, heat the olive oil over medium-high heat in a large pot. Add the onion and saute for 5 minutes. Add the beef and lamb, and saute over medium heat for 8 to 10 minutes, until it's no longer pink, crumbling it with the back of wooden spoon. Drain off any excess liquid, add the wine, and cook for 2 more minutes. Add the garlic, cinnamon, oregano, thyme, and cayenne, and continue cooking over medium heat for 5 minutes. Add the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/tomato/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 tomatoes}}, 2 teaspoons salt, and 1 teaspoon pepper and simmer, stirring occasionally, for 40 to 45 minutes. Set aside.\
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.\
For the bechamel, heat the milk and cream together in a small saucepan over medium-low heat until simmering. In a medium {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/saucepan/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 saucepan}}, melt the butter. Add the flour and cook over medium heat, whisking constantly for 2 minutes. Pour the warm milk and cream mixture into the butter and flour mixture, whisking constantly. Continue cooking, stirring occasionally, over medium heat for 5 to 7 minutes, until smooth and thick. Add the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/nutmeg/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 nutmeg}}, 1 teaspoon salt, and 1 teaspoon of pepper. Stir in 3/4 cup of {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/parmigiano-reggiano/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Parmesan cheese}}, 1/2 cup of the tomato and meat sauce, and allow to cool for 10 minutes. Stir in the eggs and yogurt and set aside.\
Meanwhile, cook the pasta in a large pot of boiling water until {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/al-dente/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 al dente}}. Don't over-cook because the pasta will later be baked. Drain and set aside.\
Add the pasta to the meat and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/tomato-sauce/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 tomato sauce}}, and pour the mixture into a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cookware-and-bakeware-materials/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 baking dish}}. Spread the bechamel evenly to cover the pasta and sprinkle with the remaining 3/4 cup Parmesan cheese. Bake for 1 hour, until golden brown and bubbly. Set aside for 10 minutes and serve hot.\
\
}