{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14180\viewh18460\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs56 \cf0 Pasta with Wild Mushroom Sauce\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs36 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 4 to 6 servings\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs42 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs40 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 medium red onion, finely chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 cloves garlic, minced\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 sprig marjoram, plus more for {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/garnish/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 garnish}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 pound assorted wild mushrooms (golden {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/chanterelle/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 chanterelle}}, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/shiitake/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 shiitake}}, cremini, oyster, porcini, etc.), trimmed and sliced\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup mushroom stock, recipe follows\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup heavy cream\
{\listtext	\'95	}Salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}Freshly ground black pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 pound {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/bucatini/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 bucatini}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}Grated {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/parmesan/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Parmesan}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs42 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs40 \cf0 In a large stock pot, bring salted water to a boil.\
In a large saute pan, over high heat, heat the olive oil. Add the onion and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/garlic/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 garlic}} and saute for 1 minute, just until beginning to turn translucent. Add the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/marjoram/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 marjoram}} and saute 1 more minute. Add the mushrooms and saute until they begin to brown and release their liquid, about 5 minutes. Add the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/mushroom/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 mushroom}} stock and reduce 5 minutes. Add the cream and reduce about 5 minutes, or until the sauce begins to thicken. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper.\
Cook pasta until {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/al-dente/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 al dente}}. Drain and quickly toss with mushroom sauce. Sprinkle with Parmesan {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cheese/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cheese}}. Divide onto serving plates and serve immediately garnished with marjoram sprigs.
\f0\b\fs42 \

\f1\fs40 Mushroom Stock:
\b0 \
2 cups {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/stock/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 chicken stock}}\
1/2 cup mushroom trimmings, stems, or pieces
\f0\b\fs42 \

\f1\b0\fs40 Combine the chicken stock and mushrooms in a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/saucepan/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 saucepan}}. Bring to a simmer and cook until reduced by half. Strain.}