{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs54 \cf0 Pasta Amatriciana\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs34 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 4 servings\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs46 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs44 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}Salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}16 ounces pasta ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/bucatini/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 bucatini}}, linguini or tagliatelle)\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/olive-oil/index.html"}}{\fldrslt Extra-virgin olive oil}}\cf0 , to coat pan\
{\listtext	\'95	}6 ounces diced {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/pancetta/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 pancetta}} (or thick-cut regular bacon)\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 ounce diced red onion\
{\listtext	\'95	}16 ounces red sauce (see Cook's Note, below)\
{\listtext	\'95	}6 tablespoons grated Parmigiano and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/pecorino/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 pecorino}} cheeses, plus more for serving\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 teaspoon crushed {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/red-pepper-flakes/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 red pepper flakes}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs46 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs44 \cf0 Cook's Note: For best results for a red sauce, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/crush/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 crush}} one 28-ounce can of {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/plum-tomato/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Italian plum tomatoes}} or San Marzano tomatoes with the back of a fork until they are mashed, but still chunky. You can also use a simple jarred tomato {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/basil/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 basil}} sauce.\
Make sure to have a pot of boiling salted water for pasta going before starting this dish. You will not cook the pasta all the way as you will finish it in the pan with the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sauce/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 sauce}}.\
Drop the pasta into the boiling water to start the cooking process.\
Meanwhile, in a saute pan heat some oil over high heat and add the pancetta. Saute until the pancetta is rendered (most of the fat melts away), and then turn the heat down to medium. Pancetta should look like crispy bacon. Add the onions and stir constantly making sure the onions do not burn. Once the onions are soft and cooked through, add the red sauce. Cook for 1 minute, and then add the cheese and pepper flakes, stirring to incorporate.\
Turn off the heat on the sauce and add the cooked pasta to the pan with the sauce. Turn the heat back on to low and toss the pasta constantly so that the sauce will stick to the pasta (the sauce should be thick and shouldn't create a pool on the plate). Transfer the pasta and sauce to a bowl and sprinkle more cheese on top to serve.\
}