{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red84\green84\blue84;\red51\green51\blue51;\red0\green101\blue159;
}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13840\viewh13560\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl520\sa80\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs64 \cf0 Penne with Chocolate and Anchovies\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\fs38 \cf2 Yield:  \cf0 4 servings\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\ql\qnatural

\fs48 \cf0 INGREDIENTS\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0\fs44 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 pound/450 g penne rigate pasta\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 tablespoons/45 ml extra-virgin olive oil\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 cloves garlic, chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 dry chile peppers, crushed\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}8 anchovy fillets, finely chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 cups/457 g chopped finest quality plain dark chocolate (at least 70 percent cocoa)\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup/114 g finely grated bread crumbs\
{\listtext	\'95	}Small bunch fresh flat-leaf parsley, chopped\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\ql\qnatural

\b\fs48 \cf0 DIRECTIONS\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa160\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs44 \cf3 Cook the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/penne/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 penne}} in a pot of boiling salted water. While the pasta is cooking, make the sauce. 
\b \uc0\u8232 
\b0 \uc0\u8232 To make the sauce: In a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/saucepan/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 saucepan}} heat up the olive oil. Gently saute the garlic, add the chile peppers, and anchovies. Cook until the garlic is golden and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/anchovy/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 anchovies}} have somewhat dissolved. Then add the chopped chocolate. When the chocolate has completely melted, stir in the bread crumbs. 
\b \uc0\u8232 
\b0 \uc0\u8232 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/drain/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 Drain}} the pasta just before the '{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/al-dente/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 al dente}}' stage and add to the saucepan. Add the chopped parsley and mix well for a few seconds so that the pasta and the sauce are well amalgamated or combined. Serve the dish immediately.\
}