{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww20360\viewh18400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs74 \cf0 Penne alla Vodka 
\fs68 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs48 \cf2 Serves:
\b   
\b0 \cf0 4 to 6 servings\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs52 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs60 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs58 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 pound penne\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 cloves garlic, minced\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 whole medium onion, chopped finely\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 tablespoons butter\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons olive oil\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup vodka\
{\listtext	\'95	}One 14-ounce can {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/tomato-puree/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 tomato puree}} or {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/tomato-sauce/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 tomato sauce}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cream/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 heavy cream}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 generous pinch {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/red-pepper-flakes/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 red pepper flakes}}, plus more if needed\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 to 1/2 teaspoon salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}Freshly ground black pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}Grated {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/parmesan/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Parmesan}}, for serving\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs60 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs58 \cf0 Cook the pasta according to package directions.\
Saute the garlic and onions in 2 tablespoons butter and the olive oil in a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/saucepan/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 saucepan}} over medium heat until soft. Pour in the vodka, being careful if your stove has an open flame (remove the pan from the heat before adding). Cook and reduce for 2 to 3 minutes, then pour in the tomato puree. Stir the mixture until it's thoroughly combined, then reduce the heat to low. Pour in the heavy cream. Stir to combine, then turn heat to the lowest simmer possible. Sprinkle in the red pepper flakes and add salt and pepper to taste. Finally, stir in the remaining 1 tablespoon butter. Pour the drained pasta into the sauce and toss to combine. Sprinkle on the Parmesan, then sprinkle on more red pepper flakes if desired.\
}