{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red61\green61\blue61;\red6\green124\blue174;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12940\viewh16260\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri1000\sl500\sa80\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf2 Ravioli with Arugula, Tomatoes and Pancetta\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs24 \cf2 Yield: 
\b0 4 to 6 servings
\fs28 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\fs22 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs46 \cf2 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl420\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs36 \cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}1 pound {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cheese/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 cheese}} ravioli\
{\listtext	\'95	}6 ounces thinly sliced pancetta, chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 (15-ounce) can diced tomatoes, drained\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 tablespoons olive oil\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/salt/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 kosher salt}}, plus extra for seasoning\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, plus extra for seasoning\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 cups arugula\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup thinly sliced fresh {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/basil/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 basil}} leaves, divided\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/butter/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 butter}}, at room temperature\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs46 \cf2 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa180\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs36 \cf2 Bring a large pot of salted water to a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/boil/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 boil}} over high heat. Add the ravioli and cook for 7 to 9 minutes until tender. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/drain/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 Drain}}.\
In a large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat, add the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/pancetta/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 pancetta}} and cook stirring frequently, until crispy, about 8 minutes. Remove to paper towels to drain. Add the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/tomato/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 tomatoes}}, olive oil, 1/2 teaspoon salt and 1/4 teaspoon pepper and cook for 2 minutes until tender. Add the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/arugula/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 arugula}} and 1/4 cup basil and cook until wilted, about 30 seconds. Stir in the butter and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/melt/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 melt}}. Add the ravioli and cooked pancetta and toss until coated. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Transfer the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/ravioli/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 ravioli}} to a large serving bowl. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/garnish/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 Garnish}} with the remaining basil and serve.\
\
}