{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww19160\viewh20240\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 Ravioli with Marinara Sauce
\f1\b0\fs28 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\b \cf2 Serves: 
\b0 \cf0 6 servings\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs46 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}3 tablespoons olive oil\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 cloves garlic, chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 pound ground meatloaf mix (veal, pork and beef)\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 (32-ounce) jar your favorite marinara sauce, divided\
{\listtext	\'95	}Salt and freshly ground black pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup part-skim ricotta\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup frozen peas\
{\listtext	\'95	}Nonstick cooking spray\
{\listtext	\'95	}48 square wonton wrappers\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 large egg whites, beaten until foamy\
{\listtext	\'95	}Grated Parmesan, for serving\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs46 \cf0 In a large stockpot or Dutch oven over medium heat, add the olive oil and garlic. Saute until the garlic becomes fragrant, about 3 minutes. Add the meatloaf mix, half the marinara sauce and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Stir to combine, breaking up any clumps, and gently simmer, about 15 minutes. Remove from the heat and let the mixture cool, about 20 minutes. Stir in the ricotta, parsley and peas.\
\
Line a large baking sheet with plastic wrap and spray the plastic wrap with nonstick cooking spray. Place 1 wonton on a cutting board and spoon about 1 tablespoon of the meat mixture into the center of the wonton. Using your finger or a pastry brush, brush some egg white around the perimeter of the wonton and lay another wonton on top. Press the edges together to seal. Place the ravioli on the prepared baking sheet and repeat with the remaining wrappers and filling. Refrigerate until ready to use.\
\
Place the remaining marinara in a saucepan over low heat. To a large pot of boiling, salted water, add the ravioli in small batches. When they float, after 2 to 3 minutes, remove them to a plate lined with a clean kitchen towel. Serve the ravioli in warmed bowls with marinara and grated Parmesan.\
}