{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red61\green61\blue61;\red6\green124\blue174;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15420\viewh17760\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri1000\sl500\sa80\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs46 \cf2 Real Meatballs and Spaghetti\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs26 \cf2 Yield: 
\b0 6 servings\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\fs22 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs46 \cf2 Ingredients\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\sa80\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs36 \cf2 For the meatballs:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl420\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0 \cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}1/2 pound ground {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/veal/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 veal}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 pound ground {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/pork/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 pork}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 pound {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/ground-beef/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 ground beef}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup fresh white bread crumbs (4 slices, crusts removed)\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup seasoned dry bread crumbs\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons chopped fresh flat-leaf {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/parsley/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 parsley}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup freshly grated {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/parmesan/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 Parmesan}} cheese\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 teaspoons kosher salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 teaspoon ground {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/nutmeg/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 nutmeg}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 extra-large egg, beaten\
{\listtext	\'95	}Vegetable oil\
{\listtext	\'95	}Olive oil\
{\listtext	\'95	}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\sa80\ql\qnatural

\b \cf2 For the sauce:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl420\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\b0 \cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon good olive oil\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup chopped yellow onion (1 onion)\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 teaspoons minced garlic\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup good red {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/wine/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 wine}}, such as {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/chianti/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 Chianti}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 (28-ounce) can crushed {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/tomato/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 tomatoes}}, or plum tomatoes in puree, chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 teaspoons {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/salt/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 kosher salt}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\sa80\ql\qnatural

\b \cf2 For serving:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl420\ql\qnatural
\ls3\ilvl0
\b0 \cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 pounds {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/spaghetti/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 spaghetti}}, cooked according to package directions\
{\listtext	\'95	}Freshly grated Parmesan\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs46 \cf2 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa180\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs36 \cf2 Place the ground meats, both bread crumbs, parsley, Parmesan, salt, pepper, nutmeg, egg, and 3/4 cup warm water in a bowl. Combine very lightly with a fork. Using your hands, lightly form the mixture into 2-inch meatballs. You will have 14 to 16 meatballs.\
\
Pour equal amounts of vegetable oil and olive oil into a large (12-inch) skillet to a depth of 1/4-inch. Heat the oil. Very carefully, in batches, place the meatballs in the oil and brown them well on all sides over medium-low heat, turning carefully with a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/spatula/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 spatula}} or a fork. This should take about 10 minutes for each batch. Don't crowd the meatballs. Remove the meatballs to a plate covered with paper towels. Discard the oil but don't clean the pan.\
\
For the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sauce/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 sauce}}, heat the olive oil in the same pan. Add the onion and saute over medium heat until translucent, 5 to 10 minutes. Add the garlic and cook for 1 more minute. Add the wine and cook on high heat, scraping up all the brown bits in the pan, until almost all the liquid evaporates, about 3 minutes. Stir in the tomatoes, parsley, salt, and pepper.\
\
Return the meatballs to the sauce, cover, and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/simmer/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 simmer}} on the lowest heat for 25 to 30 minutes, until the meatballs are cooked through. Serve hot on cooked spaghetti and pass the grated Parmesan.\
}