{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red61\green61\blue61;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12080\viewh14420\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri1000\sl500\sa80\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs50 \cf2 Simple Tomato Sauce
\f1\fs30 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural
\cf2 Yield: 
\b0 6 cups
\f0\b\fs44 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa140\ql\qnatural

\fs48 \cf2 Ingredients
\fs36 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl420\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs26 \cf2 {\listtext	
\fs38 \'95	}1/2 cup extra-virgin olive oil\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 small onion, chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 cloves garlic, chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 stalk celery, chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 carrot, chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 (32-ounce) cans crushed tomatoes\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 dried bay leaves\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 tablespoons unsalted butter, optional\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf2 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa180\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs38 \cf2 In a large casserole pot or Dutch over, heat oil over medium high heat. Add onion and garlic and saute until soft and translucent, about 5 to 10 minutes. Add celery and carrots and season with salt and pepper. Saute until all the vegetables are soft, about 5 to 10 minutes. Add tomatoes and bay leaves and simmer uncovered on low heat for 1 hour or until thick. Remove bay leaves and check for seasoning. If sauce still tastes acidic, add unsalted butter, 1 tablespoon at a time to round out the flavors.\
Add 1/2 the tomato sauce into the bowl of a food processor. Process until smooth. Continue with remaining tomato sauce.\
If not using all the sauce, allow it to cool completely and pour 1 to 2 cup portions into freezer plastic bags. This will freeze up to 6 months.}