{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14600\viewh16880\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs46 \cf0 Spaghetti alla Carbonara
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\b \cf2 Serves: 
\b0 \cf0 4 servings\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs28 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}Salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons olive oil\
{\listtext	\'95	}3/4 cup pancetta, cut into 1/4-inch {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/dice/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 dice}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 pound {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/spaghetti/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 spaghetti}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}8 large eggs\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup grated {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/parmesan/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Parmesan}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup grated {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/pecorino/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 pecorino}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}Freshly ground black pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 scallions, cut on a severe bias\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 Bring a large pot of well salted water to a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/boil/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 boil}} over medium heat.\
Add about 2 tablespoons olive oil to a large skillet over medium heat. Add the pancetta a medium heat and cook until it starts to color and become {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/crisp/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 crisp}}. Turn off the heat and reserve.\
Drop the pasta into the salted boiling water and cook it 1 minute less than it says on the package, usually about 6 to 7 minutes. Bite the pasta to check the consistency.\
While the pasta is cooking, crack the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/eggs/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 eggs}} into a large mixing bowl. Add the grated cheeses and season with salt. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/whisk/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Whisk}} vigorously until it becomes a homogenous. Season generously with black pepper.\
When the pasta is just about done, return the pan with the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/pancetta/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 pancetta}} to medium heat. Remove the pasta from the cooking water. Toss or stir the pasta into the pancetta to coat the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/pasta/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 pasta}} with the remaining fat in the skillet. Immediately vigorously stir the egg mixture into the pasta. Cook for 1 to 2 minutes, stirring constantly until the egg mixture looks like a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cream-sauce/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cream sauce}}.\
Serve immediately garnished with sliced scallions.\
Buonissimo!}