{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Spicy Turkey Meatballs and Spaghetti\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs32 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 8 servings\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}3 cups (1-inch diced) bread cubes from a round rustic bread, crusts removed\
{\listtext	\'95	}2/3 cup whole milk\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 pounds ground turkey (85-percent to 92-percent lean)\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 pound sweet Italian pork sausage, casings removed\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 ounces thinly sliced prosciutto, finely chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup freshly grated aged Asiago cheese\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup minced fresh parsley\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon dried oregano\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes\
{\listtext	\'95	}Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 tablespoons good olive oil, plus extra for brushing the meatballs\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 extra-large eggs, lightly beaten\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 (24-ounce) jars good marinara sauce, such as Rao's\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 pounds dried spaghetti, such as De Cecco\
{\listtext	\'95	}Freshly grated Parmesan (or Asiago) cheese, for serving\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 Preheat the oven to 400 degrees. Line 2 sheet pans with parchment paper.\
Place the bread in the bowl of a food processor fitted with the steel blade. Process until the bread is in medium crumbs. Transfer the crumbs to a small bowl and add the milk. Set aside for 5 minutes.\
In a large mixing bowl, combine the turkey, sausage, prosciutto, bread mixture, Asiago, parsley, oregano, red pepper flakes, 1 tablespoon salt, and 1 1/2 teaspoons pepper. Lightly combine the ingredients with your hands. Add the 3 tablespoons of olive oil and the eggs, and stir lightly with a fork to combine.\
With your hands, lightly roll the mixture into 2-inch-round meatballs and place them on the prepared sheet pans. Brush the meatballs with olive oil. Bake for 35 to 40 minutes, until the tops are browned and the centers are completely cooked.\
Pour the marinara sauce in a large, low pot, add the meatballs, and bring to a simmer.\
Meanwhile, cook the spaghetti in a large pot of boiling salted water according to the directions on the package. Drain and place the spaghetti in individual bowls, and top with 3 meatballs and lots of sauce. Serve with Parmesan cheese on the side.}