{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red61\green61\blue61;\red6\green124\blue174;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13380\viewh15280\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri1000\sl500\sa80\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs42 \cf2 Spinach Artichoke Whole-Wheat Penne
\f1\fs22 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural
\cf2 Yield: 
\b0 4 servings\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa180\ql\qnatural

\fs40 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs50 \cf2 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl420\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs40 \cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}1 pound whole-{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/wheat/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 wheat}} penne pasta\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, divided\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 (15-ounce) can or 1 (10-ounce) box frozen {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/artichoke/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 artichoke}} hearts, defrosted, drained and quartered\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 small bundle farm fresh spinach, stems trimmed\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/shallot/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 shallot}}, peeled and coarsely chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup chicken or vegetable stock, just eyeball the amount\
{\listtext	\'95	}A handful fresh {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/mint/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 mint}} leaves\
{\listtext	\'95	}A handful lightly toasted slivered almonds\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl420\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf3 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/salt/index.html"}}{\fldrslt Kosher salt}}\cf2  or freshly ground {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sea-salt/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 sea salt}} and black pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 large clove {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/garlic/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 garlic}} - peeled\
{\listtext	\'95	}A handful grated Parmigiano-Reggiano {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cheese/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 cheese}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa180\ql\qnatural
\cf2 Place a large pot of water over high heat and bring up it up to a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/boil/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 boil}} to cook the pasta, season with some salt and cook to {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/al-dente/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 al dente}}, according to package directions. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/drain/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 Drain}} and reserve about 1 cup of the cooking water.\
Heat 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil in medium nonstick skillet. Add artichokes to heat through and lightly brown at edges.\
To clean spinach, fill sink with water, swish {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/spinach/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 spinach}} around and let grit fall to bottom of sink. Dry leaves before using.\
In the bowl of a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/food-processor/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 food processor}} add the shallot, 1/2 cup {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/stock/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 chicken stock}}, spinach leaves, mint, almonds and salt and pepper, to taste. If you have a hand held small-holed {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/grater/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 grater}} or a zester, grate garlic into the food processor. Adding a whole {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/clove/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 clove}} can result in stray big pieces of raw garlic, too {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/bitter/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 bitter}} to bite down on. If you do not have a hand held grater, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/mince/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 mince}} garlic and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/mash/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 mash}} up into paste with a little salt. Turn processor on and add in about 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil.\
Scrape the spinach pesto into the artichoke pan and loosely cover with foil. Bring mixture to a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/simmer/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 simmer}} over low to medium-low heat and cook for about 2 minutes. Add the reserved {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/pasta/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 pasta}} cooking water, the pasta and the cheese. Toss to coat the pasta with the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sauce/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 sauce}} and heat for 1 minute. Transfer to a serving bowl or platter, season with salt and pepper, to taste, and serve.\
}