{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16700\viewh20520\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl780\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs56 \cf0 Stuffed Shells With Sausage and Spinach\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs42 \cf0 Yield:
\b \'a0 
\b0 4 servings
\fs28 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\ql\qnatural

\b\fs54 \cf0 Ingredients:\'a0\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl380\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}16\'9618 jumbo pasta shells\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 pound fresh pork sausage links, casing removed\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon minced garlic\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 (14-ounce) can diced tomatoes\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup frozen spinach, thawed and squeezed dry\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup ricotta cheese\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup shredded mozzarella cheese\
{\listtext	\'95	}Salt and freshly ground pepper\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 Instructions:\'a0\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl380\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\b0 \cf0 {\listtext	1.	}Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.\
{\listtext	2.	}Boil large pasta shells according to the package directions. Once cooked, drain and add to a large bowl of ice water until ready to be stuffed.\
{\listtext	3.	}To make the filling, start by removing the casing from the sausage links. Carefully use a sharp knife to pierce the casing and peel it off the meat.\
{\listtext	4.	}Heat a large skillet over medium heat. Once hot, add the pork sausage to the pan and use a wooden spoon to break the sausage apart. Cook the sausage until browned.\
{\listtext	5.	}Add a tablespoon of minced garlic and cook for about 30 seconds longer, making sure the garlic does not burn.\
{\listtext	6.	}Pour in a can of diced tomatoes, juice and all.\
{\listtext	7.	}Defrost some frozen spinach in the microwave (this should take one or two minutes). Once defrosted, squeeze the spinach over a bowl to remove the excess water.\
{\listtext	8.	}Add the spinach to the pan and stir.\
{\listtext	9.	}Remove the pan from the heat and add in the ricotta cheese to give the filling a creamier texture. Taste for seasoning, then use a spoon to fill each pasta shell.\
{\listtext	10.	}Sprinkle mozzarella cheese on top of the shells, then bake in the oven for 25\'9630 minutes or until the cheese has melted and the tips of the shells begin to crisp and brown.\
{\listtext	11.	}Remove shells from the oven and serve.}