{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17860\viewh17900\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs68 \cf0 Szechuan Noodles with Chicken and Broccoli
\b0 \

\fs52 Yield:  8 to 10 servings\
\

\b\fs60 Ingredients
\b0 \
3 whole (6 split) chicken breasts, bone-in, skin-on\
Good olive oil\
Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper\
1 bunch broccoli, cut into florets and stems discarded\
6 garlic cloves, chopped\
1/4 cup fresh ginger, peeled and chopped\
1/2 cup vegetable oil\
1/2 cup tahini (sesame paste)\
1/2 cup smooth peanut butter\
1/2 cup good soy sauce\
1/4 cup dry sherry\
1/4 cup sherry vinegar\
1/4 cup honey\
1/2 teaspoon Asian hot chili oil\
2 tablespoons dark toasted sesame oil\
1/8 teaspoon ground cayenne pepper\
1 pound spaghetti\
4 scallions, sliced diagonally (white and green parts)\
1 yellow bell pepper, julienned\
1 red bell pepper, julienned\
\

\b Directions
\b0 \
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Place the chicken breasts on a sheet pan, skin side up. Rub the tops with olive oil and sprinkle liberally with salt and pepper. Roast for 35 minutes, until cooked through. Set aside until cool enough to handle. Remove the meat from the bones and discard the skin and bones. Shred the chicken in large bite-sized pieces and set aside.\
Meanwhile, bring a large pot of salted water to a boil and blanch the broccoli florets for 2 minutes. Drain and immediately immerse in a bowl of ice water to stop the cooking and set the color. Drain and set aside.\
Place the garlic, ginger, vegetable oil, tahini, peanut butter, soy sauce, sherry, sherry vinegar, honey, chili oil, sesame oil, 1/2 teaspoon black pepper and the cayenne pepper in a food processor fitted with a steel blade and puree until smooth. Set aside.\
Add a splash of olive oil to a large pot of boiling salted water and cook the spaghetti according to the directions on the package. Drain the pasta in a colander, place it in a large bowl, and while still warm, toss with the sauce. Add the scallions, peppers, chicken and broccoli and toss well. Serve warm or at room temperature.\
\
}