{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14360\viewh13460\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs50 \cf0 Three-Cheese Macaroni\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs30 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 6 servings\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs34 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 large egg\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 12-ounce can evaporated whole milk\
{\listtext	\'95	}Pinch of {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cayenne-pepper/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cayenne pepper}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}Pinch of freshly grated nutmeg\
{\listtext	\'95	}Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/3 cups grated {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/muenster/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 muenster cheese}} (4 ounces), plus 4 deli-thin slices (1 ounce)\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup grated sharp {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cheddar/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cheddar cheese}} (2 ounces)\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup grated {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/parmigiano-reggiano/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 parmesan cheese}} (1 ounce)\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 head cauliflower, cut into small florets (4 cups)\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 cups medium pasta shells (9 ounces)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 Whisk the egg, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/evaporated-milk/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 evaporated milk}}, cayenne, nutmeg, and salt and black pepper to taste in a bowl. Toss the grated cheeses in a separate bowl.\
\
Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the cauliflower and cook until almost falling apart, about 7 minutes. Transfer with a slotted spoon to a bowl. Add the pasta to the same water and cook until {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/al-dente/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 al dente}}, about 10 minutes. Drain, reserving 1/4 cup cooking water. Preheat the broiler.\
\
Combine the egg mixture and the grated cheeses in the empty pot and cook over medium-low heat, stirring constantly, until the cheeses melt and the sauce begins to thicken. Remove from the heat and add the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cauliflower/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cauliflower}}. Puree with an {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/immersion-blender/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 immersion blender}} until smooth and light (you can also use a regular blender). Stir in some of the reserved pasta water until creamy.\
\
Toss the pasta in the sauce; season with salt and black pepper. Transfer to a shallow {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/casserole/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 casserole dish}} and top with muenster slices. Broil until golden brown, about 5 minutes.\
\
}