{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red158\green0\blue0;\red51\green51\blue51;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13620\viewh16580\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\sa20\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd-4\expndtw-20
TOASTED SESAME ALMOND NOODLES\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Serves 6 to 8 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural

\fs34 \cf3 Almond butter becomes a simple savory sauce that delicately coats nutty soba noodles, which contrast nicely to the fresh crunch of diced cucumber, green onions, toasted sesame seeds and sliced almonds. This sesame almond sauce is also delish with chicken, beef or seafood sates. \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural

\i\b \cf3 Ingredients: \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural

\i0\b0 \cf3 1 pound soba noodles \
1/4 cup smooth almond butter \
2 garlic cloves, crushed \
1/4 cup toasted sesame oil \
1/4 cup toasted sesame seeds* \
1/4 cup toasted sliced almonds* \
1/3 cup low-sodium soy sauce \
2 tablespoons rice wine vinegar \
Pinch of crushed red pepper flakes or to taste \
1/4 cup finely chopped fresh cilantro \
1 cucumber, halved, seeded, diced \
3 green onions, sliced thin on a diagonal (green and white parts) \
Freshly ground black pepper \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural

\i\b \cf3 Directions: \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural

\i0\b0 \cf3 1. Cook soba noodles in a large pot of salted boiling water according to package directions. Drain well and set aside. \
\
2. Meanwhile, in a food processor, puree almond butter, garlic, sesame oil, 2 tablespoons sesame seeds, 2 tablespoons almonds, soy sauce, vinegar and red pepper flakes. \
\
3. Place soba noodles in a large mixing bowl and add the sesame almond sauce and cilantro and toss to coat. Add cucumber, cucumber and black pepper and toss to coat. Divide among serving plates and sprinkle with the remaining sesame seeds and almonds. Serve warm or at room temperature. \
\
*
\i To toast sesame seeds, place them in a dry skillet over medium heat and cook, stirring frequently, until they just turn golden. Do not overcook or they will taste scorched. Toast almonds the same way. \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural

\i0\fs24 \cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural

\fs34 \cf3 \
}