{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs54 \cf0 Tuna Tetrazzini\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs34 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 10 to 12 servings\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs38 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs46 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 cups chopped onions\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup chopped {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/red-bell-pepper/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 red bell peppers}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}7 tablespoons {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/butter/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 unsalted butter}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon minced garlic\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 pound white {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/mushroom/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 button mushrooms}}, ends trimmed, sliced\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 teaspoons Essence, recipe follows\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon chopped fresh thyme leaves\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/flour/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 all-purpose flour}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup dry white wine\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 cup chicken stock\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 3/4 cups heavy cream\
{\listtext	\'95	}12 ounces wide {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/noodles/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 egg noodles}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 (6-ounce) cans solid white tuna, drained and broken up\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon chopped fresh {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/parsley/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 parsley leaves}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 teaspoons salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}3/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/3 cup freshly grated Parmesan\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 (5 1/2-ounce) bag {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/potato-chips/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 potato chips}}, crushed\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs46 \cf0 Saute the onions and bell peppers in 6 tablespoons butter in a large skillet or {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/dutch-oven/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Dutch oven}} over high heat until soft, about 4 minutes. Add the garlic and cook for 2 minutes, stirring. Add the mushrooms, Essence, and thyme and cook, stirring occasionally, until the mushrooms are soft and have released their liquid, about 6 minutes. Sprinkle with the flour and cook, stirring, for 2 minutes. Add the wine and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/stock/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 chicken stock}} and cook, stirring, until smooth and thick, about 2 minutes. Add the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cream/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 heavy cream}} and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to medium and simmer, stirring occasionally, until the sauce is thick enough to coat the back of a spoon and very flavorful, 15 to 20 minutes.\
Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.\
Meanwhile, bring a large pot of salted water to a boil and cook the egg noodles until al dente, about 10 minutes. Drain in a colander and set aside. Butter a 9 by 13-inch casserole or {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cookware-and-bakeware-materials/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 baking dish}} with the remaining tablespoon of butter and set aside.\
When the sauce has thickened, add the noodles, tuna, parsley, salt, black pepper, and Parmesan to the skillet and stir until thoroughly combined. Transfer to the prepared {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/casserole/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 casserole}} and top with the potato chips. Bake uncovered until bubbly and golden brown, about 30 minutes. Serve immediately.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 Emeril's ESSENCE Creole Seasoning (also referred to as Bayou Blast):\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs46 \cf0 2 1/2 tablespoons paprika\
2 tablespoons salt\
2 tablespoons garlic powder\
1 tablespoon black pepper\
1 tablespoon {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/onion-powder/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 onion powder}}\
1 tablespoon {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cayenne-pepper/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cayenne pepper}}\
1 tablespoon dried oregano\
1 tablespoon dried thyme\
\
Combine all ingredients thoroughly.\
Yield: 2/3 cup\
\
\
}