{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red235\green235\blue235;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs50 \cf0 Parmesan Polenta and Spicy Sausage Sauce\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl340\sa100\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0\fs40 \cf0 Yield: 4 servings\
		\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b\fs50 \cf0 \cb2 Ingredients
\b0\fs48 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl420\sa180\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 \cb1 		1 tablespoon olive oil\
		6 ounces (2 links) sun-dried tomato chicken sausage (such as Al Fresco), sliced\
		1 cup chopped onion\
		3 garlic cloves, minced\
		1 tablespoon chopped fresh oregano\
		1/2 teaspoon crushed red pepper\
		2 (14.5-ounce) cans no-salt-added diced tomatoes, undrained\
		1/2 cup chopped fresh basil, divided\
		2 cups fat-free, lower-sodium chicken broth\
		1 cup water\
		3/4 cup quick-cooking polenta\
		1/2 cup grated Parmesan cheese, divided\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b\fs50 \cf0 \cb2 Preparation
\b0\fs46 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \cb1 1. Heat a medium saucepan over medium-high heat. Add oil to pan, swirling to coat. Add sausage; saut\'e9 for 3 minutes or until browned. Add onion; saut\'e9 for 5 minutes or until tender. Add garlic; saut\'e9 30 seconds. Add oregano, pepper, and tomatoes; bring to a boil. Reduce heat, and simmer 15 minutes, stirring occasionally. Add 1/4 cup basil to pan; cook 5 minutes or until sauce thickens.\
2. Combine broth and water in a large saucepan; bring to a boil. Add polenta; reduce heat, and simmer 5 minutes or until thick, stirring frequently with a whisk. Stir in half of cheese. Place 2/3 cup polenta in each of 4 bowls; top with about 3/4 cup sauce. Top each serving with 1 tablespoon basil and 1 tablespoon cheese.}