{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Polenta ai Funghi Porcini\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs32 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 4 servings\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Polenta:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}8 cups water\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon coarse salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 1/2 cups coarsely ground polenta flour\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 ounces butter\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup heavy cream\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup grated Parmigiano-Reggiano\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 quart canola oil, for frying\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sauce/index.html"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\b\fs44 \cf2 Sauce}}
\f0\b\fs44 :\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/butter/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 butter}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon chopped fresh {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/garlic/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 garlic}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup small diced fresh porcini mushrooms\
{\listtext	\'95	}Salt and freshly ground black pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup dry Marsala {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/wine/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 wine}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon finely chopped {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/italian-parsley/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Italian parsley leaves}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 cups heavy cream\
{\listtext	\'95	}Shaved {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/parmigiano-reggiano/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Parmigiano-Reggiano}}, for garnish\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 Polenta:\
Bring the water and salt to a boil in a large heavy stockpot. Let it boil for 2 minutes, then remove the pot from heat and add polenta flour by the handful, beating constantly. Continue to add the flour slowly, controlling the flow to a thin stream through your fingers to avoid lumps. Return the pot to the stove and bring to low {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/simmer/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 simmer}}. Continue cooking for about 40 minutes, stirring constantly. Polenta will be done when it cleanly pulls away from the sides of the pot. Stir in the butter, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cream/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 heavy cream}} and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cheese/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cheese}}. Once combined, carefully pour the polenta onto a large {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/jelly-roll-pan/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 sheet pan}} (12 by 18-inch). Spread it out evenly and let it cool completely until firm to the touch, about 1 1/2 hours.\
Sauce:\
In a large saute pan over high heat, add the butter, chopped garlic, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/porcini/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 porcini mushrooms}}, and salt and pepper, to taste. Cook without stirring until the water from the mushrooms has been released and has evaporated. Add the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/marsala/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Marsala}} wine, and parsley and begin stirring with a wooden spoon. Once the ingredients are incorporated, add the cream, reduce the heat to medium and continue cooking until the cream is reduced by half and has a thick consistency. Remove from the heat and keep covered. Set aside.\
Heat the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/canola-oil/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 canola oil}} over high heat in a large deep pot or a deep-fryer. Meanwhile, slice the cooled polenta into desired size and shape. Once the oil has reached frying temperature, add the polenta, in batches, and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/deep-fry/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 deep-fry}} until golden brown.\
Arrange the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/polenta/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 polenta}} on serving plates and spoon the desired amount of sauce over the top. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/garnish/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Garnish}} with the shaved Parmigiano-Reggiano and serve immediately.\
}