{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Polenta Cakes with Quick Sausage Sauce\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs32 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 4 servings\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs36 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Polenta {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cake/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Cakes}}:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 cup milk\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 cups water\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/bay-leaf/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 bay leaf}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}Pinch {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cayenne-pepper/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cayenne pepper}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}Kosher salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup polenta\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 fresh sage leaves, finely chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/mascarpone/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 mascarpone}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 tablespoons grated {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/parmigiano-reggiano/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Parmigiano-Reggiano}}, plus more for serving	\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Sausage Sauce:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}Half recipe {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/italian-sausage/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Italian Sausage}}, recipe follows\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 onion, peeled and diced\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 fennel bulb, diced\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/celery/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 celery}} rib, diced\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/garlic/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 clove garlic}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}Kosher salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}Pinch crushed {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/red-pepper-flakes/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 red pepper flakes}}\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/olive-oil/index.html"}}{\fldrslt Extra-virgin olive oil}}\cf0 \
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup tomato paste\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup white {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/wine/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 wine}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 cups {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/tomato-puree/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 tomato puree}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 For the polenta cakes: In a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/saucepan/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 saucepan}}, combine the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/milk/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 milk}}, water, bay, and cayenne. Bring the mixture to a boil over low heat and season generously with salt. Take the seasoning to the edge of too salty. To do this you must taste as you go. Polenta acts as a salt eraser, if you don't season abundantly here you will never recover from it.\
Once the liquid is at a boil and is seasoned appropriately, sprinkle in the polenta, whisking constantly. Once the polenta is combined, switch over to a wooden spoon and stir frequently until the polenta has become thick. Taste the polenta to see if it has cooked through. If it still feels {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/mealy/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 mealy}} and grainy, add some more milk or water and cook it to a thick consistency. Repeat this process, as needed, until the polenta feels smooth on your {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/tongue/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 tongue}}, about 30 minutes. Remove the bay leaf and stir in the sage and mascarpone.\
Line a 7 by 7-inch square pan with {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/plastic-wrap/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 plastic wrap}}. Pour the polenta into the prepared pan. Cover the top with more plastic wrap smoothed onto the surface of the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/polenta/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 polenta}}. Chill in the refrigerator until needed. (All of this can totally be done ahead of time, like yesterday! Cool!)\
For the sauce: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.\
Place the sausage in the oven and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/roast/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 roast}} for 15 minutes.\
In a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/food-processor/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 food processor}}, puree the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/onion/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 onions}}, fennel, celery, and garlic until it becomes a coarse paste. Season with salt and give a sprinkle of crushed red pepper.\
When the sausage is roasted, remove it from the oven and coarsely {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/chop/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 chop}}.\
Coat a wide, deep pot with olive oil and add the pureed veggies. Cook the veggies until they start to brown, about 10 minutes. Add the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/tomato-paste/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 tomato paste}} and cook for 1 to 2 minutes. Add the white wine and reduce by half. Toss in the chopped sausage and the tomato puree. Taste and season with salt, if needed. Bring to a boil and reduce to a simmer and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/simmer/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 simmer}} for 20 minutes.\
Remove the polenta from the pan and cut into desired shapes. Coat a nonstick saute pan with olive oil and bring to medium-high heat. Once the pan is hot and starting to smoke just a little, add the polenta shapes. Cook the polenta on both sides and finish by sprinkling with the Parmigiano.\
Transfer a few polenta cakes to a plate and top with the sausage sauce. Sprinkle with more grated Parmigiano.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Italian Sausage:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls3\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}2 pounds pork shoulder (with a good amount of fat), cut into large chunks\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/garlic/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cloves garlic}}, minced\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons kosher salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon fennel seed\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 tablespoon crushed red pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 tablespoon ground coriander\
{\listtext	\'95	}Ice cold water\
{\listtext	\'95	}Oil\
{\listtext	\'95	}Hog casing\
{\listtext	\'95	}Special equipment: stand {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/mixer/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 mixer}} with {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/meat-grinder/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 meat grinder}} and sausage horn attachments\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Place the pork shoulder in a bowl and keep cold until ready to use. Fill a large bowl with ice and place the bowl with the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/pork-shoulder/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 pork shoulder}} on top.\
Season the pork with garlic, salt, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/fennel-seed/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 fennel seed}}, crushed red pepper, and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/coriander/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 coriander}}. Mix to combine well.\
Grind the pork shoulder twice through a grinding disk with large holes. Grind the meat into the bowl sitting on ice.\
Cook a small amount of the meat mixture to test for seasoning. Add more {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/spices/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 spices}} and salt, if needed. Thoroughly mix in a splash of cold water. Allow the seasoned pork to chill on ice or in the fridge before {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/stuffing/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 stuffing}} into the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/casing/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 casing}}.\
Replace the grinder attachment with the horn. (Be sure to thoroughly clean the attachment area before proceeding.) Rub oil onto the horn, and then put the casing on, leaving a few inches of slack at the end.\
Stuff the casing, tie off the ends, and prick the sausage with a pin or the tip of a knife.\
Refrigerate the sausage until ready to cook.\
}