{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 CourierNewPS-BoldMT;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red34\green34\blue34;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14160\viewh16500\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs62 \cf2 Polenta with a Spicy Tomato Sauce\

\f1\fs56 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural

\fs42 \cf2 Italian Polenta Cakes
\fs56 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs38 \cf2 \

\fs44 1 cup instant polenta\
2 cups of chicken broth\
1 cup milk\
1/2 cup half-and-half\
2 teaspoons of italian seasoning\
1/4 cup parmesan cheese\
1 teaspoon lemon zest\
salt and pepper to taste\
olive oil\
butter\
\
Bring chicken broth, milk, half-and-half, and italian seasoning to a boil in a sauce pan together. Remove from heat and add polenta stirring until thick and all the liquid is absorbed. \'a0Add parmesan, lemon zest, and salt and pepper and pour into 9" x 6" pan.* \'a0Allow to cool at room temperature for thirty minutes before covering and cooling completely in the fridge.* \'a0When ready to serve, cut into squares and saut\'e9 on both sides in pan with olive oil and butter until lightly browned.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\ql\qnatural

\i\fs38 \cf2 Cook's Note: A 8" x 8" or 9" x 9" pan will work as well, the thickness of the polenta cakes will just change. \'a0
\i0\fs44 \

\i\fs38 The polenta will keep in the fridge for a few days before saut\'e9ed. \'a0
\i0\fs44 \

\i\fs38 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural

\i0\b\fs42 \cf2 Spicy Tomato Sauce\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs44 \cf2 \
4 tablespoons olive oil\
5 cloves garlic, minced\
1 teaspoon red pepper flakes\
1 teaspoon basil\
1 teaspoon majoram\
1 teaspoon rosemary\
1 teaspoon lemon thyme\
1 teaspoon oregano\
3 cups fresh tomatoes- peeled, seeded, diced\
1- 28 ounce can of whole plum tomatoes\
4 tablespoons tomato paste\
1 tablespoon sugar\
1/2 cup dry white wine (Sauvignon Blanc)\
Juice from 1/2 lemon\
Salt and Pepper to taste\
\
Heat olive oil in a large, heavy pot with lid. \'a0On medium heat add minced garlic and cook 30 seconds until just soft, then add red pepper flakes, herbs, salt and pepper. \'a0Cook for another minute, add fresh tomatoes. \'a0Reduce heat to low and cook for 15-20 minutes allowing tomatoes to absorb the spice mixture. \'a0Add white wine and simmer for an additional 5 minutes.\
\
Meanwhile, puree canned plum tomatoes and their juice with tomato paste, salt, pepper, and the sugar.\'a0Add to pot with lemon juice and simmer covered on low for at least an hour. \'a0For best flavor allow sauce to sit overnight. \'a0When ready to serve sauce, add a extra pinch of sugar, a splash of the white wine used to build the sauce, and salt and pepper to taste.* \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\ql\qnatural

\i\fs38 \cf2 Cook's Note: I found the sauce to be a tad bitter, which is why I added the extra sugar and flavor punch, but feel free to adjust based on personal taste.\'a0
\i0\fs44 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\qc
\cf2 \
}