{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red84\green84\blue84;\red51\green51\blue51;\red0\green101\blue159;
}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl520\sa80\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs66 \cf0 Savory Polenta\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\fs40 \cf2 Yield:  \cf0 4 to 6 servings\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\ql\qnatural

\fs52 \cf0 INGREDIENTS\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0\fs48 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons olive oil, plus extra for grilling or sauteing if desired\
{\listtext	\'95	}3/4 cup finely chopped red onion\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 cloves garlic, finely minced\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 quart chicken stock or broth\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup coarse ground cornmeal\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}3 tablespoons unsalted butter\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 teaspoons kosher salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 ounces Parmesan, grated\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\ql\qnatural

\b\fs52 \cf0 DIRECTIONS\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa160\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs48 \cf3 Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. \uc0\u8232 In a large, oven-safe {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/saucepan/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 saucepan}} heat the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/olive-oil/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 olive oil}} over medium heat. Add the red onion and salt and sweat until the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/onion/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 onions}} begin to turn translucent, approximately 4 to 5 minutes. Reduce the heat to low, add the garlic, and saute for 1 to 2 minutes, making sure the garlic does not burn. \uc0\u8232 Turn the heat up to high, add the chicken stock, bring to a boil. Gradually add the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cornmeal/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 cornmeal}} while continually whisking. Once you have added all of the cornmeal, cover the pot and place it in the oven. Cook for 35 to 40 minutes, stirring every \uc0\u8232 10 minutes to prevent lumps. Once the mixture is creamy, remove from the oven and add the butter, salt, and pepper. Once they are incorporated, gradually add the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/parmesan/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 Parmesan}}. \uc0\u8232 Serve as is, or pour the polenta into 9 by 13-inch {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cake-pans/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 cake pan}} lined with parchment paper. Place in the refrigerator to cool completely. \uc0\u8232 Once set, turn the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/polenta/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 polenta}} out onto a cutting board and cut into squares, rounds, or triangles. Brush each side with olive oil and saute in a nonstick skillet over medium heat, or {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/grill/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 grill}}.\
}