{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12240\viewh14980\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs56 \cf0 Wild Mushroom Risotto\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs36 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 4 to 6 servings\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs40 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs42 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs40 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}Extra-virgin olive oil\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 cloves garlic, smashed with heel your hand\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 pounds assorted fresh mushrooms, such as {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/shiitake/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 shiitake}}, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/oyster/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 oyster}} or cremini, cleaned and sliced\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/salt/index.html"}}{\fldrslt Kosher salt}}\cf0 \
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup dried porcini mushrooms, soaking in 3 cups hot water\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 medium or 2 small onions, cut into 1/4-inch {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/dice/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 dice}} (about 1 1/2 cups)\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 cups Carnaroli or {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/arborio-rice/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Arborio rice}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 cups dry white wine\
{\listtext	\'95	}6 to 7 cups hot chicken stock\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/butter/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 butter}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup grated Parmigiano\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup chopped chives\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs42 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs40 \cf0 Coat a large saute pan generously with olive oil and add the smashed garlic cloves. Bring to a medium-high heat. When the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/garlic/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 garlic}} cloves have begun to brown and are very aromatic remove and discard them. Add the assorted fresh mushrooms to the pan and season with salt. Saute the mushrooms until they are soft and pliable. Turn off the heat and reserve.\
Using your hand, carefully scoop the porcini mushrooms out of the hot water. (At this point the water should have cooled off significantly. If it is still too hot for your hand, use a slotted spoon.) Pour the top 2/3 of the mushroom water into another container and reserve for use while making the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/risotto/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 risotto}}. Discard the bottom third. It contains a lot of sand and dirt from the mushrooms. Puree the rehydrated mushrooms with a little of the reserved mushroom water to make a smooth {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/mushroom/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 mushroom}} paste. This will not look good but it will certainly taste good! Reserve.\
Coat a large saucepot abundantly with olive oil. Add the onions and season generously with salt. Bring the pot to a medium-high heat. Cook the onions, stirring frequently until they are very soft and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/aromatic/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 aromatic}} but have no color. Add the rice and stir to coat with the olive oil. Cook the rice for 2 to 3 minutes to toast, stirring frequently. Add {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/wine/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 wine}} to cover the surface of the rice and stir frequently until it has completely absorbed. Add the reserved mushroom water and then add {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/stock/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 chicken stock}} until the liquid has covered the surface of the rice. Stir frequently until the stock has absorbed into the rice. Repeat this process 2 more times. Check for seasoning, you probably will need to add salt.\
During the third addition of stock, add the reserved sauteed mushrooms and 2 tablespoons of the pureed porcini mushrooms. When the stock has absorbed into the rice and the rice is cooked but still "{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/al-dente/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 al dente}}", remove the pot from the heat. Add the butter and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cheese/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cheese}} and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/whip/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 whip}} until well combined. This will set the perfect consistency of the rice. The rice should flow and not be able to hold its shape and look very creamy. Serve immediately garnished with {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/chives/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 chives}}.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs50 \cf0 Wild Mushroom Risotto\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs30 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 6 servings\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs42 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs40 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1-ounce dried {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/morel/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 morel mushrooms}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 pound fresh porcini or {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cremini/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cremini mushrooms}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 cups chicken stock, preferably homemade\
{\listtext	\'95	}6 tablespoons (3/4 stick) {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/butter/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 unsalted butter}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 ounces pancetta, diced\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup chopped shallots (3 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/shallot/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 shallots}})\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 cups {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/arborio-rice/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Arborio rice}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup dry white wine\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/saffron/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 saffron}} threads\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon kosher salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}2/3 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese, plus extra for serving\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs42 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs40 \cf0 Place the dried morels in a bowl and pour 2 cups boiling water over them. Set aside for 30 minutes. Scoop the morels from the water with a slotted spoon, reserving the liquid. You should have 2 cups; if not, add water to make 2 cups. Drain the morels and rinse once more. If some of the mushrooms are large, cut into 2 or 3 pieces. Pour the mushroom liquid through a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/coffee/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 coffee}} filter or paper towel, discarding the gritty solids. Set the mushrooms and the liquid aside separately.\
Meanwhile, remove and discard the stems of the porcini and rub any dirt off the caps with a damp paper towel. Dont rinse them! Slice thickly and set aside.\
In a small {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/saucepan/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 saucepan}}, heat the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/stock/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 chicken stock}} with the 2 cups of reserved mushroom liquid and bring to a simmer.\
In a heavy-bottomed pot or {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/dutch-oven/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Dutch oven}}, melt the butter and saute the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/pancetta/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 pancetta}} and shallots over medium-low heat for 5 minutes. Add the morels and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/porcini/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 porcini}} and saute for another 5 minutes. Add the rice and stir to coat the grains with butter. Add the wine and cook for 2 minutes. Add 2 full ladles of the chicken stock mixture to the rice plus the saffron, salt, and pepper. Stir and simmer over low heat until the stock is absorbed, 5 to 10 minutes. Continue to add the stock mixture, 2 ladles at a time, stirring every few minutes. Each time, cook until the mixture seems a little dry before adding more of the stock mixture. Continue until the rice is cooked through, but still {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/al-dente/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 al dente}}, about 25 to 30 minutes total. When done, the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/risotto/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 risotto}} should be thick and creamy and not at all dry. Off the heat, stir in the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/parmigiano-reggiano/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Parmesan cheese}}. Serve hot in bowls with extra cheese.\
\
\
}