{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Perfect Potstickers\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs32 \cf2 Makes:  
\b0 \cf0 35 to 40 potstickers\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1/2 pound ground pork\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup finely chopped {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/scallion/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 scallions}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons finely chopped {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/red-bell-pepper/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 red bell pepper}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 egg, lightly beaten\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 teaspoons ketchup\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon yellow {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/mustard/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 mustard}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 teaspoons {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/worcestershire-sauce/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Worcestershire sauce}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon light {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sugar/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 brown sugar}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 teaspoons kosher salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 teaspoon {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cayenne-pepper/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cayenne pepper}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}35 to 40 small wonton wrappers\
{\listtext	\'95	}Water, for sealing wontons\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 to 4 tablespoons vegetable oil, for frying\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/3 cups chicken stock, divided\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 Preheat oven to 200 degrees F.\
Combine the first 11 ingredients in a medium-size mixing bowl (pork through cayenne). Set aside.\
To form the dumplings, remove 1 wonton wrapper from the package, covering the others with a damp cloth. Brush 2 of the edges of the wrapper lightly with water. Place 1/2 rounded teaspoon of the pork mixture in the center of the wrapper. Fold over, seal edges, and shape as desired. Set on a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/jelly-roll-pan/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 sheet pan}} and cover with a damp cloth. Repeat procedure until all of the filling is gone.\
Heat a 12-inch saute pan over medium heat. Brush with {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/vegetable-oils/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 vegetable oil}} once hot. Add 8 to 10 potstickers at a time to the pan and cook for 2 minutes, without touching. Once the 2 minutes are up, gently add 1/3 cup {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/stock/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 chicken stock}} to the pan, turn the heat down to low, cover, and cook for another 2 minutes. Remove wontons to a heatproof platter and place in the warm oven. Clean the pan in between batches by pouring in water and allowing the pan to {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/deglaze/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 deglaze}}. Repeat until all the wontons are cooked. Serve immediately.\
\
}