{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red153\green153\blue153;\red122\green122\blue122;\red102\green102\blue102;
}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww21580\viewh18540\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa200\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs58 \cf2 Apple Crumb Pie\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa200\ql\qnatural

\fs50 \cf3 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0\fs44 \cf4 		1 (9 inch) pie shell\
		6 cups thinly sliced apples\
		1 tablespoon lemon juice (optional)\
		3/4 cup white sugar\
		2 tablespoons all-purpose flour\
		1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon\
		1/8 teaspoon ground nutmeg\
		1/2 cup raisins (optional)\
		1/2 cup chopped walnuts (optional)\
		1/2 cup all-purpose flour\
		1/2 cup packed brown sugar\
		3 tablespoons butter\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
\cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa200\ql\qnatural

\b\fs50 \cf3 Directions\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\b0\fs44 \cf4 {\listtext	1.	}Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C).\
{\listtext	2.	}Place sliced apples in a large bowl. Sprinkle with lemon juice if desired. In a small bowl, mix together white sugar, 2 tablespoons flour, cinnamon, and nutmeg. Sprinkle mixture over apples. Toss until apples are evenly coated. Stir in raisins and walnuts if desired. Spoon mixture into pastry shell.\
{\listtext	3.	}In a small bowl mix together 1/2 cup flour and brown sugar. Cut in butter or margarine until mixture is crumbly. Sprinkle mixture over apple filling. Cover top loosely with aluminum foil.\
{\listtext	4.	}Bake in preheated oven for 25 minutes. Remove foil and bake an additional 25 to 30 minutes, until top is golden brown. Cool on a wire rack.\
}