{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Apple Pie-lets\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs32 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 6 servings\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs36 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sugar/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 granulated sugar}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 teaspoons cornstarch\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon ground {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cinnamon/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cinnamon}}, plus more for topping, optional\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 teaspoon vanilla extract\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/8 teaspoon salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 cups peeled and chopped {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/apple/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 apples}} (preferably Fuji)\
{\listtext	\'95	}6 large square {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/egg-roll/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 egg roll}} wrappers\
{\listtext	\'95	}18 sprays no-calorie {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/butter/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 butter}} spray\
{\listtext	\'95	}Fat-free whipped topping, for topping, optional\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.\
In a medium nonstick pot on the stove, combine sugar, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cornstarch/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cornstarch}}, cinnamon, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/extracts/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 vanilla extract}}, and salt with 1/2 cup cold water. Mix until the ingredients dissolve. Add apples and stir. Bring to medium-high heat and, stirring frequently, cook until apples have softened, about 7 to 10 minutes.\
Reduce heat to low and, stirring often, cook until thick and gooey, 1 to 2 additional minutes. Transfer to a bowl and set aside to cool. This is your {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/pie/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 pie}} filling.\
Prepare a large baking sheet by lining it with foil and/or spraying it with nonstick spray. Set aside.\
Place egg roll wrappers flat on a dry surface. Set out a small dish of water. Dip your finger into the water, and run it along all of the wrapper edges. Cook's Note: Repeat as needed while preparing your pockets, as it will help seal them. Starting 1/2 inch from the bottom, place about 1/3 cup pie filling along the bottom half of each wrapper, leaving a 1/2-inch border on the sides.\
Fold the top 1/2 of each wrapper over the filling, so that the top edge meets the bottom and the filling is encased with a border on 3 sides. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/dab/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Dab}} each border with water, and fold each inward about 1/4 inch to lightly seal. Press firmly along the borders with the prongs of a fork to seal completely.\
Carefully transfer to the baking sheet. Repeat this process with remaining wrappers and filling, leaving you with 6 pie-lets.\
Spray the top of each pocket with 3 sprays butter. Bake in the oven until the edges begin to brown, 15 to 18 minutes.\
Allow to cool for 5 minutes. Top with additional cinnamon and whipped topping.}