{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red28\green28\blue28;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17100\viewh18340\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs78 \cf2 Apple Pie and Variations
\b0\fs50 \

\fs44 Makes:  one 9-inch pie
\fs46 \
\

\fs58 3 pounds mixed apples (such as Granny Smith, Gala and McIntosh)\
2/3 cup granulated sugar\
2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice\
6 tablespoons unsalted butter\
1 tablespoon all-purpose flour, plus more for dusting\
3/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon\
1/8 teaspoon salt\
2 disks dough for Basic Crust\'a0\
1 large egg, beaten\
Coarse sugar, for sprinkling\
\
Peel and core the apples; slice 1/4 inch thick. Toss with the granulated sugar and lemon juice. Heat 4 tablespoons butter in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Add the apples and cook, stirring, until tender, about 10 minutes. Stir in the flour, cinnamon and salt; cook until thickened, 1 more minute. Let cool.\
Roll out 1 disk of dough into a 12-inch round on a floured surface; ease into a 9-inch pie plate. Add the apples, mounding them slightly in the center, and dot with the remaining 2 tablespoons butter. Roll out the remaining dough into a 12-inch round. Lay it over the filling; press the edges of the crusts together, then fold the overhang under itself and crimp to seal. Brush with the beaten egg and sprinkle with coarse sugar. Cut a few slits in the top crust. Chill 1 hour.\
Place a baking sheet on the lowest oven rack and preheat to 425 degrees F for 30 minutes. Place the pie on the hot baking sheet; lower the temperature to 375 degrees F. Bake until golden, 1 hour to 1 hour, 10 minutes. (Cover the edges with foil if they brown too quickly.) Cool on a rack.\
\

\b\fs64 Apple Crumble: 
\b0\fs58  Make Apple Pie, adding 1 extra tablespoon flour to the filling. Off the heat, add 1/2 cup sour cream and 1/2 teaspoon nutmeg. Omit the top crust. Mix 1/2 cup flour, 1 cup oats, 3/4 cup each chopped walnuts and brown sugar, 6 tablespoons melted butter and a pinch of salt. Drop in clumps over the filling.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260\ql\qnatural

\fs26 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260\ql\qnatural

\b\fs60 \cf2 Apple-Pear-Ginger:
\b0   Make Apple Pie, replacing half of the apples with pears and using ground ginger instead of cinnamon. Cut the top crust into decorative shapes; arrange on top of the filling. Brush with a beaten egg and sprinkle with coarse sugar.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260\ql\qnatural

\fs26 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260\ql\qnatural

\b\fs60 \cf2 Salted Caramel Apple:
\b0   Toss 3 pounds sliced peeled apples with 2 tablespoons lemon juice. Cook 2/3 cup sugar over medium-high heat until amber, about 10 minutes. Off the heat, stir in 1/2 stick butter and 1 tablespoon cream. Add the apples and cook until soft. Stir in 2 tablespoons flour; let cool, then add 1/2 teaspoon sea salt. Assemble and bake as for Apple Pie.\
\
\

\fs94 \

\fs92 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260\ql\qnatural

\fs58 \cf2 \
}