{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid4}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Caramelized Banana Cream Pie with Hazelnut Whipped Cream and Hazelnut Praline\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs32 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 1 (9-inch) pie\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Buttermilk Crust:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}10 1/2 ounces all-purpose flour\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon fine {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sea-salt/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 sea salt}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon granulated sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}6 ounces cold unsalted butter, cut into small cubes\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup cold buttermilk plus more if needed\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 Put the flour, salt and sugar in the bowl of a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/food-processor/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 food processor}} and pulse a few times to combine. Sprinkle half of the butter cubes over the top of the flour and process for 10 seconds. Sprinkle the remaining half of the butter over the mixture and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/pulse/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 pulse}} until the mixture resembles coarse {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cornmeal/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cornmeal}}, with some butter bits no bigger than peas. With the motor running, add the buttermilk through the feed tube and process until the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/dough/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 dough}} just begins to come together. Transfer to a flat surface and lightly {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/knead/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 knead}} until the dough comes together. Form into 2 flat disks, wrap in {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/plastic-wrap/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 plastic wrap}} and refrigerate for at least 1 hour. (You will need only 1 for the pie; the remaining dough can be frozen for up to 1 month.)\
Lightly spray a 9-inch {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/tart-pan/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 tart pan}} with a removable bottom with nonstick spray. Roll the dough on a lightly floured surface into a 12-inch round that is 1/8-inch thick and fit it into the tart pan. Roll {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/rolling-pin/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 rolling pin}} over tops of pan to trim dough flush with rims and lightly prick bottoms and sides all over with a fork. Place in the freezer for 30 minutes.\
Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Place the pan on a baking sheet. Spray the shiny side of a 12 piece of aluminum foil and line the shell shiny-side down with the foil and fill with pie weights. Bake on the middle rack in the oven until the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/crust/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 crust}} sets and turns a pale golden brown, about 20 to 25 minutes. Remove the foil and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/pie-weights/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 pie weights}} and continue baking until golden brown and baked through, about 15 minutes longer. Transfer the tart pan to a baking rack and let cool completely, about 1 hour.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}Caramelized Banana {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/pudding/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Pudding}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 tablespoons unsalted butter\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 1/2 tablespoons light brown sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 very ripe bananas, peeled and sliced into 1/4-inch thick slices\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 cups milk\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 ounces cornstarch\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 teaspoon fine salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}6 egg yolks\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 1/2 sheets {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/gelatin/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 gelatin}}, softened in cold water and excess water squeezed out\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon pure {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/extracts/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 vanilla extract}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup cold heavy cream\
{\listtext	\'95	}Hazelnut Whipped Cream, recipe follows\
{\listtext	\'95	}Hazelnut Brittle, recipe follows\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/melt/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Melt}} the butter in a large saute pan over medium-high heat, add 1 1/2 tablespoons of brown sugar and cook, stirring constantly, until the sugar is melted and the mixture is caramelized, about 4 minutes. Add the bananas and cook until bananas start to break down, and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/caramelize/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 caramelize}} on both sides. Add 2 cups of the milk, bring to {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/simmer/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 simmer}} and scrape the bottom and sides of pan and carefully transfer the mixture to a medium saucepan. Puree the mixture with an {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/immersion-blender/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 immersion blender}} until smooth; bring to a simmer.\
In a bowl whisk the sugar, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cornstarch/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cornstarch}} and salt together until combined. Add the remaining 1 cup of milk and whisk until the cornstarch is dissolved. Whisk this mixture into the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/banana/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 banana}} mixture and cook, whisking constantly, until the mixture thickens, about 4 minutes.{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/whisk/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Whisk}} together the remaining tablespoon of brown sugar and yolks in a small bowl until smooth. Ladle some of the thickened mixture into the egg mixture to temper the yolks. Pour the yolk mixture into the pot and cook until thickened, 3 to 5 minutes, WHISKING THE ENTIRE TIME. Once the mixture has thickened let it come to a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/boil/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 boil}} for exactly 1 minute, whisking a few times. Remove from the heat, whisk in the softened gelatin and vanilla and strain through a coarse mesh {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/strainer/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 strainer}} into a bowl.\
Cover the surface of the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/custard/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 custard}} with plastic wrap and chill in the refrigerator until set, at least 4 hours and up to 12 hours. Once pudding is set, whip the custard in the bowl of a stand {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/mixer/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 mixer}} with a whisk attachment on high speed until smooth, about 20 seconds. Add the heavy cream and whip until light and fluffy, about 20 seconds longer.\
Transfer the filling to the cooled pie {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/shell/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 shell}}. Place plastic on top and let chill in refrigerator for at least 2 hours. Mound the top with the hazelnut {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cream/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 whipped cream}} and sprinkle with some of the hazelnut brittle just before serving.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/hazelnut/index.html"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\b\fs44 \cf2 Hazelnut}}
\f0\b\fs44  Brittle:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls3\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 cups hazelnuts, skins removed\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 cups sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup water\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Preheat oven to 325 degrees F. Spread hazelnuts on a baking sheet and bake until lightly toasted, about 5 minutes. Let cool slightly and coarsely chop.\
Combine sugar and water in a medium {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/saucepan/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 saucepan}} and cook (without stirring) over high heat until it becomes a deep amber caramel, about 8 minutes. Remove from the heat and stir in the hazelnuts. Transfer to a baking sheet lined with a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/silpat/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 silpat}}. Cover with another silpat and using a rolling pin, roll the mixture as thin as possible. Let sit until the caramel has hardened, about 20 minutes. Once hard, removed from the silpan and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/chop/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 chop}} into small pieces, using a chef's knife.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Hazelnut Whipped Cream:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls4\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 cups cold heavy cream\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 vanilla bean {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/split/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 split}}, seeds scraped\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon superfine sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 tablespoons Frangelico\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Combine cream, vanilla seeds, sugar and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/frangelico/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Frangelico}} in a bowl and whip using a balloon whisk or hand held mixer until soft peaks form.\
}