{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red164\green194\blue114;\red45\green57\blue24;\red47\green43\blue34;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww19740\viewh20380\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa400\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs62 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd8\expndtw40
Blueberry Crumble Pie\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa420\ql\qnatural

\fs48 \cf3 \kerning1\expnd8\expndtw40
Pie Crust                                                                                       
\f1\fs46 \cf4 \kerning1\expnd4\expndtw20
         Half of pie crust recipe (recipe below)\

\f0\fs48 \cf3 \kerning1\expnd8\expndtw40
Filling                                                                                                      
\f1\fs46 \cf4 \kerning1\expnd4\expndtw20
6 cups blueberries about 3 pints                                                                                         1 cup sugar                                                                                                                     4 tbsp. cornstarch                                                                                                         1/2 tsp. lemon zest                                                                                                          pinch of pepper                                                                                                              extra flour and butter for coating the pie dish\

\f0\fs48 \cf3 \kerning1\expnd8\expndtw40
For the Crumble                                                                                    
\f1\fs46 \cf4 \kerning1\expnd4\expndtw20
1 1/2 cup all-purpose flour                                                                                                    1/2 cup packed light brown sugar                                                                                       1/2 cup packed dark brown sugar                                                                                      3/4 cup (1 1/2) sticks unsalted butter cut into cubes\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa380\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs52 \cf3 \kerning1\expnd8\expndtw40
Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs46 \cf4 \kerning1\expnd4\expndtw20
Crust: In a food processor, combine flour, salt, and cold butter.\'a0 Pulse until sand-like texture. Add water while pulsing until mixture comes together. Remove from the bowl or food processor (be careful not to over mix) onto a lightly floured surface. Work into a 1-inch thick disk and refrigerate for at least one hour before rolling out.\
Crumble: Combine flour and sugars in a food processor and mix until combined.\'a0 Add chopped cold butter and pulse until the mixture forms a crumble, being sure not to over mix. Refrigerate until ready to use.\
Filling: In a large bowl, combine all of the ingredients.\'a0 Using the back of your spoon, crush about 20 percent of the blueberries so the juice mixes with the cornstarch and thickens the filling.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li40\ri-7960\sl360\sa120\ql\qnatural
\cf4 \kerning1\expnd4\expndtw20
To make the pie: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees. Butter and flour a 10-inch pie tin; set aside. On a lightly floured surface, roll out the dough. Place the dough in the pie dish and trim off excess.\'a0 Crimp edges (the crust will shrink some in the oven once baked so don\'92t cut off too much). Use a fork to poke holes around the sides and bottom of the crust and chill until firm, about 20 min. Cover with a piece of parchment paper and fill it with dried beans or baking beans. Bake until the crimped edges are firm, about 10-15 min. Remove the parchment paper and beans and bake until the bottom is firm, about another 10-15 min. Fill the crust with the berry mixture, spreading evenly, and top with the crumble. Place on a parchment paper-lined baking sheet and bake until the filling starts to bubble, one hour to one hour and twenty minutes, depending on your oven. Remove and cool on a wire rack.\
Enjoy!\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li40\ri-7960\sl360\sa400\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs62 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd8\expndtw40
Pie Crust Recipe\
\pard\pardeftab720\li40\ri-7960\sl360\sa120\ql\qnatural

\f1\i\fs46 \cf4 \kerning1\expnd4\expndtw20
recipe yields enough for a bottom and top pie crust
\i0 \kerning1\expnd4\expndtw20
\
2 1/2 cups all-purpose flour\uc0\u8232 2 sticks unsalted butter\u8232 1 tsp. kosher salt\u8232 1 tsp. granulated sugar\u8232 8-10 tbsp. ice water, plus more if needed\
\pard\pardeftab720\li40\ri-7960\sl360\sa380\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs52 \cf3 \kerning1\expnd8\expndtw40
Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\li40\ri-7960\sl360\sa120\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs46 \cf4 \kerning1\expnd4\expndtw20
Cut the butter into 1/2-inch cubes and place on a baking sheet in the freezer for at least 20 minutes, preferably 1 hour.\
Combine flour, kosher salt and sugar in a food processor (or a large bowl if mixing by hand). Pulse food processor a few times to mix. Slowly add the frozen butter, pulsing just as much as necessary to break the butter pieces into pea-size lumps. Add water, 1 tablespoon at a time, pulsing in between, until dough sticks to itself when pinched.\
Remove flour mixture from the food processor and place onto a clean, dry, flat surface. Gently shape into 2 disks. If the dough is too crumbly and refuses to cooperate, add more water, tablespoon by tablespoon, as needed.\'a0 I always need more water, just FYI.\'a0 The goal is to use as little water as possible to make it stay together. You will be able to see little specs of butter within the dough. These bits of butter, as they melt in the oven, will help make the crust flaky and delicious.\
Sprinkle each disk lightly with flour and wrap individually in plastic wrap. Place in fridge for at least 20 minutes, preferably 1 hour.\
Remove one disk from the refrigerator and let sit at room temperature for about 5 minutes to make it easier to roll out. Using a well-floured rolling pin on a lightly-floured surface, roll out dough to form an approximate 12-inch circle.\'a0 Be sure to continue to flip the dough over and lightly flour each side so as not to have the rolled-out dough stick to the surface.\
Place the rolled-out dough onto a 9-inch pie plate. Gently press the pie dough down so that it meets the bottom and sides of the pie dish. Using the back of a knife, trim the dough around the top edge of the pie dish, leaving about a 1/4-inch to 1/2-inch overlap.\
If just filling your pie without pre-baking the bottom crust, do this now.\'a0 (If pre-baking, instructions follow).\
To make the top to the pie, remove the second disk from the refrigerator.\'a0 Roll out the second disk of dough, just as before. Gently place the top crust over the pie dish. Pinch top and bottom of dough crusts firmly together.\'a0 Trim excess dough again with the back of a knife, leaving a 1/2-inch overlap. Fold the edge of the top piece of dough over and under the edge of the bottom piece of dough, pressing together. To seal the crust, you can either crimp the edges using your thumb and forefinger or press with a fork. Make 2-3 1-inch slits on the top of the pie with a sharp knife to allow for steam to escape during baking.\
*Depending on your recipe, you may need to pre-bake your crust prior to filling it.\'a0 If pre-baking, follow these instructions:\
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees.\
Butter and flour a 9-inch pie plate and then set aside.\
On a lightly floured surface, roll out the dough. Place the dough in the pie plate and trim off excess and then crimp the edges. Use a fork to poke holes around the sides and bottom of the crust and chill until firm, about 20 min.\
Cover the dough with a sheet of parchment paper and fill it with dried or baking beans. Bake until the crimped edges are firm, about 10-15 min. Remove the parchment paper and beans and bake until the bottom is firm, about another 10-15 min.\
Fill the crust with the pie filling, spreading evenly.\'a0 Place on a parchment paper-lined baking sheet and bake depending on your oven and the filling\'92s recipe.\'a0 Remove from the oven and cool on a wire rack.\
Enjoy!\
\
}