{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Blueberry Pie\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs32 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 6 to 8 servings\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 1/4 cups fresh or frozen blueberries\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup granulated sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/3 cup plus 3/4 cup all-purpose flour\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 Monument Cafe All Butter Pie Crust, recipe follows\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/3 cup brown sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/3 cup cold butter, cut into pieces\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.\
Toss the blueberries, granulated sugar, 1/3 cup flour, cinnamon and lemon juice in a bowl. Place the filling in the Monument Cafe All Butter Pie Crust.\
Combine the remaining 3/4 cup flour, brown sugar and butter and mix to a coarse meal. Scatter over top of the pie.\
Bake the pie until the juices thicken and the pie is golden brown, about 50 minutes. Tent the pie with foil if needed to prevent over-browning. Let the pie rest 30 minutes prior to serving.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Monument Cafe All Butter Pie Crust:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}2 1/4 cups all-purpose flour, plus more for dusting\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 teaspoons baking powder\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}Dash salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 stick (8 tablespoons) cold butter, cubed\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 to 1/3 cup ice water\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Combine the flour, baking powder, sugar and salt in the bowl of a food processor and pulse to combine. Add the cold butter cubes and pulse until a coarse meal. Transfer the mixture to a bowl and make a well in the center of the mixture. Add 1/4 cup ice water (strain the cubes) and toss the mixture, adding more water if needed to bring the dough together. Divide the dough in half and roll out on a floured surface. Makes 2 crusts.\
}