{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Blueberry Pie I\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs32 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 1 pie\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs36 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/simmer/index.html"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf2 Simmer}}
\f1\b0\fs42  3 cups {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/blueberry/index.html"}}{\fldrslt 
\b \cf2 blueberries}} with 1/2 cup {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/maple-syrup/index.html"}}{\fldrslt 
\b \cf2 maple syrup}} until the mixture reduces by half, about 20 minutes. Pour into a bowl; stir in 4 cups blueberries, 1/2 cup maple syrup, 3 tablespoons 
\b quick-cooking {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/tapioca/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 tapioca}}
\b0 , 1 tablespoon,{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/lemon/index.html"}}{\fldrslt 
\b \cf2 lemon juice}}, 1/4 teaspoon {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/nutmeg/index.html"}}{\fldrslt 
\b \cf2 nutmeg}} and 1/4 teaspoon 
\b salt
\b0 . Cool completely, then pour into pie shell; dot with 4 tablespoons 
\b butter
\b0 .\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 Perfect All-Butter Piecrust
\b0 \
Pulse 3 1/2 cups 
\b flour
\b0 , 1/4 cup 
\b sugar
\b0  and 1 teaspoon salt in a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/food-processor/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 food processor}}. Add 1 diced stick cold 
\b butter
\b0 ; process until combined. Add 2 more diced sticks cold {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/butter/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 butter}}; {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/pulse/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 pulse}} three times, or until the mixture resembles coarse meal. Add 1 tablespoon 
\b white or {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cider-vinegar/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cider vinegar}}
\b0 . Gradually pour in 1/3 cup ice 
\b water
\b0 , pulsing about four times until combined. Turn out onto a clean surface and press into a cohesive dough without overworking (you should see bits of butter). Wrap in {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/plastic-wrap/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 plastic wrap}} and press into a 1-inch-thick disk; refrigerate at least 1 hour before rolling out.\

\b How to Make a Pie
\b0 \
Divide the chilled {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/dough/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 dough}} in half; roll 1 piece into a 12-inch, 1/8-inch-thick circle on a lightly floured surface (refrigerate the other piece).\
Roll the dough onto a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/rolling-pin/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 rolling pin}}, then unroll it into a 9-inch glass {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/pie-pans-tins-plates/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 pie plate}}, letting it hang over the edge; add filling.\
Roll out the other piece of dough and place over the filling; press the crust edges together and trim, leaving a 1-inch overhang. Roll up or pinch the overhang to seal.\
Place a foil-lined baking sheet on a rack in the lower third of the oven; preheat to 450 degrees. Wrap an oiled, wide band of foil around the pie edge to protect the crust. Make slashes in the top of the crust; chill for 30 minutes.\
Reduce the oven to 400 degrees. Bake the pie for 30 minutes. Remove the foil band, brush the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/crust/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 crust}} with {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cream/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 heavy cream}} and sprinkle with {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sugar/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 sugar}}. Bake until golden brown, about 30 minutes; cool before slicing.}