{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15080\viewh13120\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs60 \cf0 Boston Cream Pie I\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs38 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs46 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 cup plus 2 tablespoons sifted cake flour\
{\listtext	\'95	}2/3 cup sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 teaspoons baking powder\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 teaspoon salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/milk/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 milk}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup cooking oil\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 egg yolks\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon vanilla\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 egg whites\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 teaspoon {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cream-of-tartar/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cream of tartar}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}Pastry cream, recipe follows\
{\listtext	\'95	}Ganache, recipe follows \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0  
\f1\fs46 Pastry Cream
\b0  
\f0\b\fs48 Filling:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs46 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}2 cups whole, 2 percent fat, or 1 percent fat milk\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/vanilla/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 vanilla bean}}, split lengthwise, seeds scraped out\
{\listtext	\'95	}6 egg yolks\
{\listtext	\'95	}2/3 cup {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sugar/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 granulated sugar}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup cornstarch\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/butter/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 unsalted butter}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 Ganache:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls3\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs46 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}8 ounces {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/chocolate/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 semisweet chocolate}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cream/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 heavy cream}}, boiling\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs46 \cf0 Preheat oven to 350 degrees. In a medium mixing bowl combine flour, sugar, baking powder, and salt. Make a well in the center of the flour mixture. Add milk, oil, egg yolks, and vanilla. Beat with an electric {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/mixer/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 mixer}} on low to medium speed until combined. Beat an additional 3 minutes on high speed and set aside.\
In a large mixing bowl, beat egg whites and cream of tartar on medium to high speed until soft peaks form. Pour the egg yolk mixture over the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/eggs/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 egg}} white mixture and fold in. Gently pour the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/batter/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 batter}} into a 9-inch greased {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/pie-pans-tins-plates/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 pie pan}}. Bake for 25 to 30 minutes or until the top springs back when lightly touched. Invert the pan onto a wire rack. Cool completely.\
Pastry Cream Filling: In a medium saucepan, heat the milk and vanilla bean to a boil over medium heat. Immediately turn off the heat and set aside to infuse for 10 to 15 minutes. In a bowl, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/whisk/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 whisk}} the egg yolks and granulated sugar until light and fluffy. Add the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cornstarch/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cornstarch}} and whisk vigorously until no lumps remain. Whisk in 1/4 cup of the hot milk mixture until incorporated. Whisk in the remaining hot milk mixture, reserving the empty saucepan.\
Pour the mixture through a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/strainer/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 strainer}} back into the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/saucepan/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 saucepan}}. Cook over medium-high heat, whisking constantly, until thickened and slowly boiling. Remove from the heat and stir in the butter. Let cool slightly. Cover with {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/plastic-wrap/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 plastic wrap}}, lightly pressing the plastic against the surface to prevent a skin from forming. Chill at least 2 hours or until ready to serve. (The {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/custard/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 custard}} can be made up to 24 hours in advance. Refrigerate until 1 hour before using.)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/ganache/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Ganache}}: In a medium bowl, pour the boiling cream over the chopped chocolate and stir until melted.\
To assemble pie, remove the cake from the pan. Cut the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cake/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cake}} in half horizontally. Place bottom layer on a serving plate or board, and spread with the pastry cream. Top with second cake layer. Pour chocolate ganache over and down the sides of the cake. Store in refrigerator.\
}