{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs72 \cf0 Butter Pie Crust
\f1\b0\fs44 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs58 \cf0 Ingredients
\f1\b0\fs56 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural
\cf0 1 3/4 cups all-purpose flour, plus more for dusting\
1/2 teaspoon salt\
2 tablespoons sugar\
12 tablespoons (1 1/2 sticks) unsalted butter, diced and chilled\
4 teaspoons apple cider vinegar or white vinegar\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs58 \cf0 Directions
\f1\b0\fs56 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Pulse the flour, salt and sugar in a food processor. Add about one-third of the butter; process until the butter is combined. Pulse in the remaining butter in 5 or 6 pulses to form coarse crumbs. Add the vinegar; pulse quickly a few times while adding 1/3 cup ice water. Squeeze some dough between your fingers. It should just hold its shape; if it's still crumbly, quickly pulse in more ice water by the tablespoonful. (Do not overwork the dough.)\
Turn the dough out onto a large piece of plastic wrap. Wrap the dough, then press and flatten into a thin round. Refrigerate 1 hour.\
Roll out the dough into an 11-to-12-inch round, about 1/8 inch thick, on a lightly floured surface. Center over a 9-inch pie plate. Fold in the edges and crimp as desired. Refrigerate at least 30 minutes before using.\
\
\
}