{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red76\green34\blue0;\red80\green80\blue80;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14660\viewh16200\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa100\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf2 Caramel Apple Pie
\f1\b0\fs30 \cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa240\ql\qnatural
\cf3 Serves 8\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\b\fs42 \cf2 Ingredients:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0 \cf3 		2 rolled-out rounds deep-dish pie crust\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\b \cf3 For the apples:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\b0 \cf3 		4 lb. Granny Smith apples, peeled, cored and each cut into 8 slices\
		1/2 cup firmly packed light brown sugar\
		1/2 tsp. ground cinnamon\
		1/4 tsp. freshly grated nutmeg\
		1 Tbs. fresh lemon juice\
		3 Tbs. cornstarch\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\b \cf3 For the caramel:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\ql\qnatural
\ls3\ilvl0
\b0 \cf3 		1 1/2 cups firmly packed light brown sugar\
		1/3 cup light corn syrup\
		6 Tbs. (3/4 stick) unsalted butter, cut into 6 pieces\
		1/2 tsp. kosher salt\
		1/2 cup heavy cream\
		1 egg white, beaten with 1 tsp. water\
		2 tsp. granulated sugar\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\b \cf2 Directions:\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa240\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf3 Transfer 1 dough round to a 9-inch deep-dish pie dish and gently press into the dish. Trim the edges flush with the rim. Reroll the dough scraps and cut out shapes using decorative pie cutters. Refrigerate the pie shell, cutouts and remaining dough round for 30 minutes. \uc0\u8232 \u8232 To prepare the apples, in a large Dutch oven over medium heat, stir together the apples, brown sugar, cinnamon, nutmeg and lemon juice. Cover and cook, stirring occasionally, until the apples are just tender, about 20 minutes. Uncover and let cool to room temperature. Stir in the cornstarch. \u8232 \u8232 To prepare the caramel, in a heavy 4-quart saucepan over medium heat, combine the brown sugar, corn syrup, butter and salt. Cook until the mixture is bubbling vigorously, about 9 minutes, stirring only during the first 2 to 3 minutes of cooking. Off the heat, carefully stir in 1/4 cup of the cream, then stir in the remaining 1/4 cup cream. Let cool until just warm. Preheat an oven to 400\'b0F. \u8232 \u8232 Let the pie shell, cutouts and dough round stand at room temperature for 5 minutes. In a large bowl, combine the apple mixture and 3/4 cup of the caramel; reserve the remaining caramel for serving. Pour the apple filling into the pie shell and place the top crust over the pie. Trim the edges flush with the rim and press the top and bottom crusts together. Brush the underside of the cutouts with egg wash and gently arrange them on the pie. Brush the entire top crust with egg wash and sprinkle with the granulated sugar. \u8232 \u8232 Place the pie dish on a baking sheet. Bake until the crust is golden brown, about 1 hour; check the pie after 30 minutes and cover the top and edges with foil if they become too dark. Let the pie cool on a wire rack for at least 2 1/2 hours before serving. Warm the reserved caramel sauce and serve alongside the pie for drizzling. Serves 8.\
}