{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww20620\viewh15300\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs92 \cf0 Caramel Apple Skillet Pie
\b0 \

\b\fs70 Crust
\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1\'a01/2 cups All-Purpose Flour\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 tsp Salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tbsp Sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}3/4 cup (1\'a01/4 sticks) Unsalted Butter, chilled and cut into several pieces\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tbsp Irish Whiskey\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tbsp Cold Water\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 In your food processor or a large bowl, combine Flour, Salt, and Sugar. We\'92ll talk about this more another time, but the goal with pie crust is to cover each grain of flour in a protective sheath of butter WITHOUT melting butter. Quickly work in the Butter, either in short pulses in your food processor, with your finger tips, or a pastry cutter. You\'92ll know when you\'92re done when the mixture looks like coarse sand and kind of stays together, when you squeeze it into a lump. Pour the Irish Whiskey and Water into the flour mixture and combine by hand. If you used a food processor so far, you\'92ll need to do this step outside of the machine, in regular mixing bowl.\'a0Shape this mixture into a loose disc, wrap it in plastic, and put it in the fridge for at least 2 hours. \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 Filling
\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}6 Pink Lady Apples\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 Granny Smith Apples\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 tbsp Butter\
{\listtext	\'95	}3/4 cup Dark Brown Sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 tsp\'a0Cinnamon\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 tsp freshly ground Nutmeg\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 Vanilla Bean or a splash of Vanilla Extract\
{\listtext	\'95	}Pinch of Salt\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Preheat your oven to 400
\b \'b0.\'a0
\b0 Peel, core, and chop the Apples. We like to use a melon baller to do our coring for us.\
In thoroughly cleaned, well seasoned cast iron skillet, melt the Butter and saut\'e9\'a0the Apples until they\'92ve shrunk down by about half and have released most of their juices\'97 about 10 minutes. Remove the Apples from the pan, leaving behind a giant pool of buttery apple juice, and set them aside. Add Brown Sugar, Cinnamon, Nutmeg, Vanilla, and Salt to the pan of juice. Continue to cook until the mixture turns bubbly, sticky, and reduces by at least half.\'a0\
Add the Apples back to the pan and cook for another 5 minutes, stirring frequently. Apples should be soft but intact, you don\'92t want your apples to be mushy.\
Roll out the dough for the Crust, and cut a few holes in the center for the steam to escape. Carefully lay the dough on top of the filling in the skillet. Use the back of a knife to cut off any excess dough.\
Bake for about 15 minutes, or until the crust is golden brown.\
The wonder of this dish comes from the sticky, gooey sauce that forms when the filling cools. Let the pie cool for at least a half an hour.\
}