{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;\red61\green61\blue61;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14660\viewh20900\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs54 \cf0 Chocolate Key Lime Pie\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs34 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 1 pie\
\
   
\fs44 \'95	Chocolate Wafer Crust 
\fs34 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs44 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 (14-ounce) can \cf2 sweetened condensed milk\cf0 \
{\listtext	\'95	}3/4 cup freshly squeezed key lime juice (4 to 5 limes)\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 extra large egg yolks, lightly beaten\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 T. grated lime zest\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoons vanilla extract  \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}\cf0 Pinch salt\cf2 \
{\listtext	\'95	}chocolate\cf0  curls, for garnish\cf2 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 		\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs46 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs44 \cf0 Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. \
Prepare Chocolate Wafer Crust (recipe below).\
In a large bowl, whisk together the condensed milk, key lime juice, egg yolks, sugar, lime zest, vanilla extract and salt. Spoon filling into warm crust. Bake the pie until the filling is set, about 12 minutes.\
Transfer the pie to a \cf2 cooling rack\cf0  and let stand for 20 minutes at room temperature.  When the pie is completely cool, decorate with milk chocolate curls. Store wrapped or in an airtight container, in the refrigerator.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf3 Chocolate Wafer Crust\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl460\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs44 \cf3 {\listtext	\'95	}28 chocolate wafer cookies\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}6 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted and slightly cooled\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl460\sa180\ql\qnatural
\cf3 Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.\
Spin the cookies and sugar in a food processor until fine crumbs. Then drizzle in the butter, pulsing to combine. Press this mixture firmly and evenly into the bottom, up the sides of a 9-inch pie pan.\
Bake on the middle rack of the oven until crust is set and appears dry,   about 15 minutes. Remove from the oven and cool completely, about 1 hour.}