{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14580\viewh14440\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs54 \cf0 Chocolate Cream Pie I
\fs48 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\fs36 \cf0 YIELD:
\b0  Makes 10 servings\

\b\fs48 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\ql\qnatural

\fs54 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0\fs50 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}32 chocolate wafer cookies (such as Nabisco Famous Chocolate Wafers, enough for 1 1/3 cups cookie crumbs)\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/3 cup slivered almonds\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup sugar, divided\
{\listtext	\'95	}6 tablespoons melted butter, plus 2 tbsp. butter cut into small cubes\
{\listtext	\'95	}6 large egg yolks\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 1/4 cups milk\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup cornstarch\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}8 ounces good-quality bittersweet chocolate, roughly chopped, plus more for grating over pie\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 teaspoons vanilla extract\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 cups whipping cream\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\ql\qnatural

\b\fs54 \cf0 Preparation\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs50 \cf0 1. Preheat oven to 350\'b0. In a food processor, pulse cookies until finely ground. Transfer to a medium bowl; set aside. To processor, add almonds and 3 tbsp. sugar and pulse until almonds have texture of coarse meal (be careful not to grind them into nut butter). Add ground nuts to cookies and stir in 6 tbsp. melted butter. Press into bottom and sides of a 9-in. deep-dish pie plate (crust should be fairly thick). Bake on center rack 15 minutes; let cool.\
2. Put egg yolks in a medium bowl and beat to blend; set aside. In a medium saucepan over medium-high heat, stir together milk, 3/4 cup sugar, cornstarch, and salt. Bring to a gentle simmer, stirring constantly (mixture will begin to thicken). Reduce heat to medium.\
3. Whisking constantly, pour 1/2 cup hot milk mixture into egg yolks, then pour egg-milk mixture into saucepan. Bring to a simmer (about 190\'b0 on an instant-read thermometer), stirring constantly with a wooden spoon (it will thicken noticeably). Remove from heat and stir in chocolate, vanilla, and 2 tbsp. butter.\
4. Pour chocolate filling into a medium metal bowl, then set bowl in a larger bowl of ice and cold water and let cool 5 minutes, stirring constantly, until filling reaches room temperature. Pour filling into prepared crust and cover with plastic wrap, pressing it directly onto surface (to prevent a skin from forming). Chill until cold, at least 3 hours and up to 1 day.\
5. Just before serving, combine cream and remaining 1 tbsp. sugar in a chilled bowl. With an electric mixer on high speed, beat cream until medium peaks form. Spread whipped cream in a thick dome over chocolate filling. Grate chocolate over pie.\
}