{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Chocolate and Coffee Cream Pie\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs32 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 8 servings\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Filling:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 cup heavy cream\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup light corn syrup\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons butter\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons coffee liqueur\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon vanilla extract\
{\listtext	\'95	}10 ounces dark chocolate, chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}One 9-inch prepared chocolate cookie crust, such as Oreo Pie Crust\
	\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Coffee Whipped Cream Topping:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 cups heavy cream\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup chocolate hazelnut spread, such as Nutella\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon instant espresso or coffee\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 teaspoons vanilla extract\
{\listtext	\'95	}Chocolate puffed rice cereal, for garnish\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 For the filling: Heat the cream in a medium saucepot over medium-low heat. When hot, whisk in the corn syrup, butter, coffee liqueur, vanilla and chocolate. Mix until all the ingredients are fully incorporated into the cream and the mixture is smooth and silky. Remove from the heat and pour into the prepared chocolate cookie crust. Place in the refrigerator until completely cooled and set, about 1 hour.\
For the topping: In a large chilled metal bowl, combine the cream, chocolate hazelnut spread, instant espresso, sugar and vanilla. Whip with a hand mixer until stiff peaks form.\
To assemble: Place the coffee whipped cream topping on top of the filling. Smooth out with a spatula so that all the filling is completely covered with the topping. Place in the refrigerator until ready to serve. When ready to serve, top with chocolate puffed rice, slice and serve.\
}