{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red139\green139\blue139;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15320\viewh17360\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs76 \cf0 Classic Cherry Pie
\fs34 \
Servings: 
\b0 Serves 8 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\fs58 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\fs70 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural

\fs54 \cf0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl360\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\fs50 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}3 cups all-purpose flour\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tsp. salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 Tbsp. sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 1/2 sticks butter\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 large egg\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs54 \cf0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl360\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\fs50 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}5 cups fresh sweet cherries, pitted (or frozen cherries, thawed and drained)\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 Tbsp. quick-cooking tapioca\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/4 cups sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/8 tsp. salt\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs54 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural

\f1\b\fs50 \cf0 To make dough:
\b0  Place flour, salt, and sugar in the bowl of a mixer fitted with a paddle attachment; combine on low speed. Cut butter into small cubes; add to bowl. Mix on low until butter resembles pea-size balls; then, while mixer is running, add 1/4 cup very cold water, 1 tablespoon at a time. Mix until ingredients just come together. If dough won't quite combine, add an extra tablespoon water. \
\
Divide dough in half. Shape each piece into a flat, round disk. Roll each between 2 pieces of parchment or waxed paper until dough is 1/8-inch thick. Chill (in paper), lying flat, for at least 1 hour before using.\
\

\b To make filling:
\b0  Place cherries in a bowl. Toss with tapioca, sugar, and salt; let sit for 15 minutes. \
\
Preheat oven to 425\'b0. Remove dough from refrigerator and place on a countertop. Remove top piece of parchment from 1 sheet, and lay it dough side down in a 9-inch pie pan. Pull the other piece of paper off, and let dough sit for a few minutes to soften. When it has become pliable, gently press it into pan. Trim edges, but leave a 1/2-inch overhang. \
\
Work with other dough sheet to prepare lattice top. Peel off top piece of paper and immediately place it back on dough. Flip dough over; remove and discard the other piece of paper. Cut dough into 1/2-inch strips. \
\
Pour filling into pie shell. Lay half of dough strips evenly across the top, keeping a 1/4- to 1/2-inch gap between strips. Form a lattice by weaving the remaining strips perpendicular to the first layer (again keeping a 1/4- to 1/2-inch gap between strips). \
\
Trim excess dough around rim so edges of lattice match up with the \'bd-inch overhang of bottom crust. Dust your fingers with flour, then pinch top and bottom layers of dough together to form a ridged crust. Continue crimping dough around entire pie shell, flouring your fingers as needed. \
\
Place pie pan on a baking sheet, and set it on a rack in bottom third of oven. Bake for 10 minutes. Meanwhile, beat egg in a bowl. Pull pie out of oven and brush egg on crust. Return to oven and lower heat to 350\'b0; bake for 45 minutes or until crust is golden brown and fruit is bubbling and thickened. Remove from oven. Allow to cool at least 1 hour before serving.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\fs40 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\fs50 \cf0 \
\
}