{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red153\green153\blue153;\red0\green166\blue236;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15720\viewh20300\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl740\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs78 \cf0 Creamsicle Pie\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\ql\qnatural

\f1\i\b0\fs38 \cf2 serves 8
\i0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl520\sa200\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 \
Ingredients
\f1\i\b0\fs40 \cf2 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\i0 \cf0 {\listtext	
\fs44 \'95	}1 recipe {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.seriouseats.com/recipes/2011/08/oat-crumble-crust-recipe.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 Oat Crumble Pie Crust}}, shaped in a pie plate and chilled (timesaver: 1 packaged, frozen graham cracker crust)\
{\listtext	\'95	}12 ounces evaporated milk\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 packages instant vanilla pudding mix (3.4 ounces each)\
{\listtext	\'95	}Zest of 1 orange\
{\listtext	\'95	}16 ounces cream cheese, softened\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon vanilla extract\
{\listtext	\'95	}12 ounces frozen orange juice concentrate, thawed\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup heavy cream, chilled\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons confectioner's sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}Garnish: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://sweets.seriouseats.com/2011/06/sweet-technique-how-to-candy-citrus-zest-garnish-citrus-peel.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 Candied Orange Zest}} or crushed orange candies\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl520\sa200\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs50 \cf0 Procedures
\f1\b0\fs44 \uc0\u8232 Whisk together evaporated milk, pudding mix, and zest in a bowl for 2 minutes or until mixture is thickened.\u8232 Beat cream cheese and vanilla at medium speed with an electric mixer until fluffy. Add orange juice concentrate, beating until smooth; add evaporated milk mixture, and beat until blended. \u8232 Combine cream and confectioner's sugar in a bowl and whip with a whisk until it holds soft peaks. Dollop or pipe each slice with whipped cream, and garnish with candied zest or candy if desired.\u8232 
\f0\b\fs60 Oat Crumble Crust
\fs74 \

\fs52 Ingredients
\fs62 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\ql\qnatural

\f1\i\b0\fs44 \cf2 serves 8\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\i0 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}3 cups rolled oats\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup all-purpose flour\
{\listtext	\'95	}8 ounces butter, softened\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup packed light brown sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 tablespoons melted butter\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl520\sa200\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs50 \cf0 Procedures
\f1\b0\fs44 \uc0\u8232 Preheat the oven to 350\'b0 F. Combine rolled oats, salt, and flour in the bowl of a food processor. Grind the mixture until the oats are broken into small pieces, about 20 seconds. Set aside.\u8232 Cream 8 ounces butter and brown sugar in a stand mixer with a paddle attachment or with an electric beater until light and fluffy, about 4 minutes. Add the dry ingredients and mix on low until blended. \u8232 Spread the mixture in an even layer over a parchment lined sheet tray, stopping 1 inch before the edges. Bake for 10 minutes, rotating halfway through.\u8232 After 10 minutes, remove the pan from the oven. Break up the mixture using a spatula, stirring it up so the golden brown exterior and the lighter interior are mixed. Re-spread the mixture evenly over the sheet tray, and return to the oven for an additional 10 minutes, rotating halfway through, until the top is golden brown. \u8232 Allow the pan to cool. Break up the crust into pieces and place them in the bowl of a food processor and process until homogeneous and mealy. Slowly pour 3 tablespoons of melted butter into the food processor through the top feeder tube as it's running. The mixture will feel slightly damp. \u8232 Pour the mixture into a pie plate and press the crust into shape on the edges and bottom. Chill for 20 minutes before filling.
\fs34 \uc0\u8232 
\f0\b\fs56 Candied Citrus Zest\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs44 \cf0 The key to making candied citrus zest is extracting all of the bitter flavor imparted by the pith (the white, inner part of the peel). Since it's nearly impossible to remove the pith completely, the best way to get the bitter out is blanching the zest three times, by dropping it into boiling water to release the bitterness, then shocking it with ice water to stop the cooking (and repeat, and repeat).\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl520\sa200\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Ingredients
\fs56 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls3\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs44 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}4 citrus fruits\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup granulated sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup water\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons light corn syrup\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl520\sa200\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Procedures
\f1\b0\fs40 \uc0\u8232 
\fs44 Set two pots of water (with 1 quart of water in each) to boil over high heat. By the time you\'92re ready to start blanching, the water will be ready.\uc0\u8232 Use a peeler and make long broad strokes from pole to pole of the fruit. Avoid digging into the pith, but don\'92t fret if you\'92ve taken a bit as you peel.\u8232 Chop the zest into thin strips if desired.\u8232 Set up an ice bath by filling a large bowl three quarters of the way with ice cubes and cold water. Set the bowl near the stove, along with a slotted spoon, spider, or small strainer.\u8232 When the water comes to a boil, add the zest to Pot #1 and allow it to simmer for 20 seconds. Remove the zest from the water, either by fishing it out with the spider or pouring it through a strainer into the sink. Rinse and refill Pot #1 with another quart of water, and return the pot to a boil.\u8232 Plunge the zest into the bath of ice water. It\'92s helpful to keep the strands inside the strainer in the bath to avoid having to pick the zest out of the ice.\u8232 Repeat steps 5 and 6, first using Pot #2, and then using the newly boiled water in Pot #1. When you\'92ve finished the third round of blanching, retire Pot #1.\u8232 When you\'92ve finished blanching in Pot #2, you can immediately set up for the final step: candying. Using the ratio of 1 cup fresh water to one cup sugar for every four fruits you\'92ve zested, combine sugar, corn syrup, and water in Pot #2 and bring it to a boil over high heat, stirring occasionally.\u8232 Once all of the sugar has dissolved and the syrup is bubbling, reduce the heat to a simmer (just a few steady bubbles, as opposed to a rolling boil) and add the blanched zest. Simmer for about twenty minutes, until the zest is completely translucent and curling along the edges. The syrup will become thicker and take on some color from the peel. Store the zest in the syrup and allow it to cool before using. Refrigerate in a sealed container.\u8232 \u8232 \u8232 }