{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww18580\viewh17220\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Creamy Peanut Butter Pie
\fs38 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs34 \cf0 Serves 10 to 12\

\fs48 8 ounces chocolate cookies
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 4 tablespoons butter, melted
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 4 ounces finely chopped chocolate or semi-sweet chocolate chips
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 1/4 cup chopped peanuts
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 1 cup heavy cream
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 8 ounces cream cheese
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 1 cup creamy-style peanut butter
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 1 cup confectioner\'92s sugar
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 1 \'96 14 ounce can sweetened condensed milk
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 1 teaspoon vanilla extract
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 1 teaspoon freshly squeezed lemon juice\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa300\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf0 Add the cookies to the bowl of a food processor and pulse into fine crumbs. Combine melted butter and cookie crumbs in a small bowl, and stir with a fork to mix well. Press mixture into the bottom and 1-inch up the sides of a 9-inch spring-form pan.\
Melt the chocolate in a double boiler or in the microwave. Pour over bottom of cookie crust and spread to the edges using an off-set spatula. Sprinkle chopped peanuts over the melted chocolate. Place pan in the refrigerator while you prepare the filling.\
Pour the heavy cream into a bowl and beat using a stand mixer or hand mixer until stiff peaks form. Transfer to a small bowl and store in refrigerator until ready to use. Place the cream cheese and peanut butter in a deep bowl. Beat on medium speed until light and fluffy. Reduce speed to low and gradually beat in the confectioner\'92s sugar. Add the sweetened condensed milk, vanilla extract and lemon juice. Increase speed to medium and beat until all the ingredients are combined and filling is smooth.\
Stir in 1/3 of the whipped cream into the filling mixture (helps lighten the batter, making it easier to fold in the remaining whipped cream). Fold in the remaining whipped cream. Pour the filling into the prepared spring form pan. Drizzle the melted chocolate on top, if using, and refrigerate for three hours or overnight before serving.
\fs42 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Enjoy!\
}