{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red34\green34\blue34;\red94\green90\blue87;\red62\green128\blue141;
}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid4}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww18640\viewh17020\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl740\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs74 \cf2 Deep-Dish Pumpkin-Meringue Pie
\f1\fs24 \cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl220\ql\qnatural

\b\fs26 \cf2 Yield:  
\b0 \cf3 Makes one 9-inch deep-dish pie\uc0\u8232 Serves 10
\f0\fs30 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl460\sa200\ql\qnatural

\fs58 \cf2 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl220\sa100\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b\fs40 \cf2 		For The Crust
\b0\fs42 \cf3 \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sl320\sa120\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl1\cf4 		{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.marthastewart.com/857628/pate-brisee"}}{\fldrslt 1 small disk Pate Brisee}} (recipe below)\cf3 \
		All-purpose flour, for surface\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\sa120\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf3 		\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl220\sa100\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs40 \cf2 		For The Filling
\b0\fs42 \cf3 \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sl320\sa120\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl1\cf3 		3 large eggs\
		1 can (15 ounces) pure pumpkin puree\
		1 can (12 ounces) evaporated milk\
		3/4 cup packed light-brown sugar\
		1 tablespoon cornstarch\
		1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract\
		3/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon\
		3/4 teaspoon ground ginger\
		Coarse salt\
		1/4 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\sa120\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf3 		\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl220\sa100\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs40 \cf2 		For The Meringue
\b0\fs42 \cf3 \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sl320\sa120\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl1\cf3 		2 cups granulated sugar\
		8 large egg whites, room temperature\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\sa120\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf3 		\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl460\sa200\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs58 \cf2 Directions\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\sa240\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\fs42 \cf3 {\listtext	.	}Preheat oven to 375 degrees. Make the crust: Roll out pate brisee to a 1/8-inch thickness on a lightly floured surface. Fit dough into a 9-inch deep-dish pie plate. Trim edges, leaving a 1-inch overhang; fold edges under and crimp as desired. Refrigerate for 30 minutes.\
{\listtext	.	}Line crust with parchment, and fill with pie weights or dried beans. Bake until edges just start to turn golden, about 15 minutes. Remove pie weights and parchment. Bake until crust is golden brown, 15 to 20 minutes more. Let cool on a wire rack.\
{\listtext	.	}Meanwhile, make the filling: Whisk together eggs, pumpkin, evaporated milk, brown sugar, cornstarch, vanilla, cinnamon, ginger, 1/2 teaspoon salt, and the nutmeg in a large bowl.\
{\listtext	.	}Reduce oven temperature to 325 degrees. Pour filling into cooled crust. Bake until center is set but still slightly wobbly, 50 to 55 minutes. Let cool in pie plate set on a wire rack. Refrigerate until well chilled, at least 6 hours (preferably overnight).\
{\listtext	.	}Just before serving, make the meringue: Combine granulated sugar and egg whites in the heatproof bowl of a mixer set over a pan of simmering water. Whisk until sugar dissolves, about 3 minutes. Transfer bowl to mixer, and whisk on medium speed for 3 minutes. Raise speed to high, and whisk until stiff glossy peaks form, about 6 minutes more. Dollop meringue onto pie, and spread using a swirling motion.\
{\listtext	.	}Hold a small handheld kitchen torch at a 90-degree angle 3 to 4 inches from surface of meringue. Move flame back and forth until meringue starts to brown. (Alternatively, heat broiler and bake pie on top rack until meringue starts to brown, about 2 minutes.)\
\pard\tx560\pardeftab720\sl320\sa240\ql\qnatural

\fs38 \cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl740\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs74 \cf2 Pate Brisee
\f1\fs24 \cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl220\ql\qnatural

\b\fs26 \cf2 Yield\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl220\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf3 Makes 1 large disk or 2 small disks
\f0\fs30 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl460\sa200\ql\qnatural

\fs56 \cf2 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\sa120\ql\qnatural
\ls3\ilvl0
\f1\fs40 \cf3 		2 1/2 cups all-purpose flour\
		1 tablespoon sugar\
		Salt\
		2 sticks plus 2 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, cut into small pieces\
		1/4 to 1/2 cup ice water\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl460\sa200\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs56 \cf2 Directions\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\sa240\ql\qnatural
\ls4\ilvl0
\f1\fs40 \cf3 {\listtext	.	}Pulse flour, sugar, and 1 teaspoon salt in a food processor until combined. Add butter, and pulse until mixture resembles coarse meal, about 10 seconds. Drizzle 1/4 cup ice water evenly over mixture. Pulse until mixture holds together when pressed between 2 fingers (dough should not be wet or sticky). If dough is too dry, add more water, 1 tablespoon at a time, and pulse.\
{\listtext	.	}Shape dough into 1 large disk or 2 small disks, and wrap in plastic wrap. Refrigerate until firm, at least 1 hour.
\f0\fs42 \cf2 \
\pard\tx560\pardeftab720\sl320\sa320\ql\qnatural

\fs38 \cf2 \
}