{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red78\green79\blue79;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww19180\viewh21280\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa200\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs74 \cf2 \shad\shadx20\shady-20\shadr20\shado255 \shadc0 deep dish dulce de leche apple pie
\b0\fs68 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural

\f1\b\fs38 \cf2 \shad0 Yield:
\b0  10 to 12 servings
\fs48 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs56 \cf2 ingredients
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa200\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs50 \cf2 1/2 cup brown sugar\uc0\u8232 1/3 cup granulated sugar\u8232 1/3 cup cornstarch\u8232 1/4 teaspoon cinnamon\u8232 1/4 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg\u8232 pinch of salt\u8232 7 to 8 cups of peeled, sliced apples (I like Granny Smith & Braeburn)\u8232 1/2 cup dulce de leche (recipe below)\u8232 2 Tablespoons apple cider\u8232 1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract\u8232 double crust for 9-inch pie (purchased or homemade)\u8232 egg white mixed with 1 teaspoon of water\u8232 coarse sugar for top, optional\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs56 \cf2 directions
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa200\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs50 \cf2 1. Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Center rack in oven.\
2. In a small bowl, mix sugars, cornstarch, spices and salt.\
3. In a large bowl, toss together apples, dulce de leche, apple cider and vanilla extract. Add dry ingredients and toss to combine.\
4. Between waxed paper, roll out pie dough as large as possible keeping it a good thickness. Line deep dish pie pan with crust and let it hang over the sides. Brush with egg white mixture. Add filling and spread out evenly.\
5. Roll out 2nd crust a little bit too & place on top of pie. Crimp edges together in a decorative fashion to seal. Brush with egg white mixture. Cut a few holes in the top crust for venting. Sprinkle with coarse sugar, if using.\
6. Bake for 30 minutes. Then turn the temperature down to 375 degrees F. If pie is browning, cover it with foil to prevent crust edges from burning. Bake for another 30 minutes.\
7. Remove pie from oven and cool on rack for several hours to allow filling to set.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa200\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs74 \cf2 \shad\shadx20\shady-20\shadr20\shado255 \shadc0 homemade dulce de leche
\b0\fs68 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural

\f1\b\fs38 \cf2 \shad0 Yield:
\b0  About 1 1/2 cups
\fs48 \

\b \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs56 \cf2 ingredients
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa200\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs50 \cf2 1 can sweetened condensed milk (any size)\uc0\u8232 boiling water\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs56 \cf2 directions
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa200\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs50 \cf2 1. Preheat oven to 425 degrees F.\
2. Open up the can and pour the sweetened-condensed milk into a pie pan. Cover tightly with foil. Place into a larger pan and pour boiling water in larger pan & around pie plate (level of water should be about halfway up the pie plate). Don't let any water seep up and into the pie plate.\
3. Place in oven and bake for 1 hour. At the one hour point, peel off foil and check for progress. If the mixture has thickened and turned a caramel color, it's done. If it doesn't quite look thick enough or dark enough, cover it up and bake it a little longer (mine took 75 minutes).\
4. When the mixture appears to have turned into a nice, thick caramel, remove from the oven. Let sit for a few minutes, and then beat with an electric mixer until smooth.\
}