{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red62\green62\blue62;\red51\green51\blue51;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl520\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs54 \cf2 Dulce de Leche Mocha Ice Cream\'a0Pie
\f1\b\fs34 \cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa360\ql\qnatural
\cf3 Yield: (
\b0 1) 9-inch pie
\b \

\fs42 Ingredients:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl360\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0 \cf3 {\listtext	\'95	}2 1/2 cups finely ground cinnamon graham cookie crumbs\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon cinnamon\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon vanilla\
{\listtext	\'95	}5 tablespoons butter, melted\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 pint coffee ice cream\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 pint dulce de leche ice cream\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup fudge sauce\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup dulce de leche\
{\listtext	\'95	}Whipped cream for garnish (optional)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa360\ql\qnatural

\b \cf3 Preparation:\

\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl360\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf3 {\listtext	1.	}Preheat oven to 350 degrees. \uc0\u8232 \
{\listtext	2.	}Mix cookie crumbs with cinnamon, vanilla, and melted butter until well mixed. Press crumbs into a 9-inch pie plate, pushing crumbs up the sides and covering the bottom, pressing with fingers into and even layer. \uc0\u8232 \
{\listtext	3.	}Place pie crust in the oven and bake until fragrant and golden brown, about 10 minutes. Remove and let coo. \uc0\u8232 \
{\listtext	4.	}Soften 1 pint of ice cream. Soften the dulce de leche and fudge sauce by gently heating them in the microwave. Spread a thin layer of dulce de leche (about 1/3 cup) over the bottom of the pie crust. \uc0\u8232 \
{\listtext	5.	}Spread the softened ice cream over the dulce de leche. Swirl 1/4 cup fudge sauce and and 1/3 cup of the dulce de lehce gently into the ice cream. Place pie in freezer and freeze until firm. \uc0\u8232 \
{\listtext	6.	}Soften the second pint of ice cream and spread over first layer. Decoratively swirl remaining fudge sauce and dulce de leche into the ice cream. Return to the freezer until firm. \uc0\u8232 \
{\listtext	7.	}Serve pie with whipped cream.}