{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\fmodern\fcharset0 CourierNewPS-BoldMT;\f2\fmodern\fcharset0 CourierNewPSMT;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red18\green18\blue18;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15120\viewh20740\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs62 \cf2 French Silk Pie\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\fs36 \cf2 10 servings
\f1\fs46 \cf2 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\fs48 \cf2 INGREDIENTS
\f2\b0 \
For the Crust:\
30 chocolate wafers (Newman\'92s Own Organics or Mi-Del)\
2 tablespoons chopped pitted dates\
2 tablespoons water\
1 tablespoon canola oil\
For the Filling:\
1 tablespoon brewed coffee\
1 tablespoon water\
1 1/2 teaspoons unflavored gelatin\
1 large egg\
1/2 cup 1% milk\
8 tablespoons packed light brown sugar, divided\
1/3 cup unsweetened cocoa powder, preferably Dutch-process\
2 ounces bittersweet (not unsweetened) chocolate, chopped\
1 1/2 teaspoons vanilla extract\
3 egg whites \
1/2 teaspoon cream of tartar\
Chocolate shavings (see Tip), optional\
\
Tip: To \
make chocolate shavings: Place a block of chocolate (2 ounces or larger) on wax paper and microwave on Defrost until slightly softened but not melted, 15 \
to 30 seconds. Use a swivel-bladed vegetable peeler to shave off curls. If the chocolate gets to hard to shave easily, warm it again. \
\

\f1\b DIRECTIONS
\f2\b0 \
\
Preheat oven to 325 degrees F. \
\
Coat a 9-inch pie pan with cooking spray. \
\
Combine chocolate wafers and dates in a food processor; process until finely chopped. Add water and oil and process until moistened. Press into the bottom and sides of the prepared pan.\
\
Bake the crust until crisp, about 10 minutes. Cool completely on a wire rack.\
\
Combine coffee and water in a small bowl. Sprinkle gelatin on top and set aside to soften.\
\
Whisk egg, milk, 3 tablespoons brown sugar and cocoa in a small saucepan until smooth. Cook over low heat, whisking constantly, until thickened and an \
instant-read thermometer registers 160 degrees F, 5 to 7 minutes. Do not let \
the mixture come to a simmer. Remove from the heat. Add the reserved gelatin mixture; stir until dissolved. Add chocolate and vanilla, stirring until\
melted. Set aside to cool to room temperature, about 30 minutes. \
\
Place egg whites and cream of tartar in a large bowl. Beat with an electric mixer on low speed until frothy. Increase speed to high and beat until soft peaks form. Gradually add the remaining 5 tablespoons brown sugar, beating until the meringue is smooth and glossy.\
\
Whisk one-fourth of the meringue into the chocolate mixture until smooth. Scrape chocolate mixture into the remaining meringue and use a whisk to incorporate it with a folding motion. Spoon into the crust and chill, uncovered, until set, about 3 hours.\
\
If desired, garnish with chocolate shavings before serving.\
\
 \
}