{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red84\green84\blue84;\red51\green51\blue51;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid4}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11460\viewh10800\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl520\sa80\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs64 \cf0 Fresh Peaches and Cream Rustic Pie\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\fs38 \cf2 Yield:  \cf0 6 servings\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\ql\qnatural

\fs52 \cf0 INGREDIENTS\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0\fs48 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}Crust\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 Perfect Pie Dough (1 disk), recipe follows\
{\listtext	\'95	}Filling\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 cups peeled, pitted, and sliced peaches\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup brown sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons flour\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon ground cinnamon\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1/4 teaspoon ground nutmeg\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice\
{\listtext	\'95	}Flour, for dusting\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon cold unsalted butter, cut into pieces\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 large egg, lightly beaten\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 teaspoons sugar (recommended: turbinado)\
{\listtext	\'95	}Vanilla bean ice cream or fresh whipped cream, for garnish\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls3\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}Perfect Pie Dough\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 cups flour\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon salt\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls4\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}3/4 cup (1 1/2 sticks) unsalted butter, cut into small pieces, chilled or frozen\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 to 6 tablespoons ice cold water\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\ql\qnatural

\b\fs52 \cf0 DIRECTIONS\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa160\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs48 \cf3 Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Line a large baking sheet with parchment paper or foil. \uc0\u8232 \u8232 Stir together the peaches, brown sugar, flour, cinnamon, nutmeg, and lemon juice in a large bowl until combined. \u8232 \u8232 On a well-floured surface, using a lightly floured rolling pin, roll out the pie dough into a large circle, about 12 to 14 inches in diameter. Move the dough circle to the prepared baking sheet. Chill the rolled-out dough in the refrigerator until firm, about 15 minutes. Spoon the fruit mixture onto the center of the dough leaving a 1-inch border. Fold the edges of the dough over the fruit, pleating the dough, then dot the fruit filling with the butter pieces. Lightly brush the dough with the beaten egg, and sprinkle with sugar. \u8232 \u8232 Bake the pie until the crust is golden brown and the filling is bubbling, 25 to 30 minutes. Cover if the crust browns too quickly. Allow the pie to cool slightly. Serve warm with vanilla bean ice cream or alongside fresh whipped cream. \u8232 \u8232 In a mixing bowl, mix together the flour and the salt; cut or work the butter into the flour with your fingers or with a pastry blender until you have large pea-size chunks scattered throughout. Alternatively, pulse the dough in a food processor, or mix in a stand mixer with the paddle attachment on low speed. \u8232 \u8232 Add the ice water slowly while stirring with a fork, or in the food processor or mixer, until just combined. Be careful not to overwork the dough. Divide the dough into 2 disks, flatten and refrigerate each for at least 15 minutes. \u8232 \u8232 Pie Dough Variations: \u8232 \u8232 Pate Sucree (sweet dough): Add 3 tablespoons sugar and 1/2 teaspoon pure vanilla extract to the original recipe. \u8232 \u8232 Savory Dough: Add 1/4 cup grated cheese to the original recipe. \u8232 \u8232 Nutty Dough: Reduce the flour to 1 cup and add 1/2 cup roasted pulverized nuts. (recommended: almonds, pecans, walnuts, etc.) \u8232 \u8232 Blind Baking (Method): \u8232 Roll out the chilled pie dough to fit a 9-inch pie plate. Transfer the dough to the pie plate pressing the dough lightly into the plate and then trim the edges. Dock the dough with the tongs of a fork evenly over the bottom of the pie plate. Line the docked dough with aluminum foil and fill with pie weights or dried beans. \u8232 \u8232 Bake the pie crust in a 425 degree F oven until the edges are brown and golden. Bake 15 minutes with pie weights. Remove the crust from the oven and remove the pie weights. Return the crust to the oven to finish baking for another 5 minutes.}