{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww18340\viewh17100\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs68 \cf0 Frozen Pumpkin Mousse Pie
\fs62 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf2 Serves:  \cf0 12 servings\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs58 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs56 \cf0 8 ounces gingersnap cookies, broken (about 2 1/2 cups)\
2 tablespoons vegetable oil\
1/3 cup plus 2 tablespoons light-brown sugar\
1 cup canned pumpkin puree\
1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract\
3/4 teaspoon pumpkin pie spice\
1 quart low-fat vanilla yogurt softened\
Maple Whipped Cream, recipe follows, optional\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs58 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs56 \cf0 Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.\
1. Combine the gingersnaps, oil, and 2 tablespoons brown sugar in the bowl of a food processor; pulse to form fine crumbs. Press the crumbs into the bottom and up the sides of a 9-inch pie plate. Bake until the crust is set and golden brown, 10 to 15 minutes. Let cool completely on a wire rack.\
2. In a large bowl, stir together the pumpkin puree, vanilla, pumpkin pie spice and remaining 1/3 cup brown sugar until blended; stir in the frozen yogurt. Spread into the cooled pie crust and freeze until firm, about 3 hours. Wrap tightly in plastic to freeze up to 1 week.\
3. When ready to serve, transfer the pie to the refrigerator to soften slightly, about 30 minutes. Top with Maple Whipped Cream, if desired.\
\

\b Maple Whipped Cream:
\b0 \
1 3/4 teaspoons unflavored powdered gelatin\
2 tablespoons water\
1 cup 2 percent reduced-fat milk\
1/4 cup maple syrup\
1/2 teaspoon pure vanilla extract\
1. Sprinkle the gelatin over the water in a medium bowl; let stand until absorbed, about 5 minutes. In a small saucepan, heat the milk until steaming. Whisk the hot milk into the gelatin to dissolve. Stir in the maple syrup and vanilla.\
2. Place the bowl in a bowl of ice water and stir occasionally until just beginning to set around the edges, about 15 minutes. Using a hand-held mixer, beat the cold milk mixture on high until thick and fluffy, about 8 minutes. Serve with pie.
\fs46 \
\
Yield: 12 servings\
\
}