{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14180\viewh17100\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs56 \cf0 Frozen Pineapple Cream Pie\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs36 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 1 (9-inch) deep-dish pie\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs42 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs40 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 package refrigerated pie crust\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 envelope unflavored {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/gelatin/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 gelatin}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup cold water\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 egg yolks, lightly beaten\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/3 cup {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sugar/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 sugar}}, plus 1/3 cup\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 (20-ounce) can crushed pineapple in heavy syrup, undrained\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/lemon/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 lemon}} juice\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 cups heavy whipping cream\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs42 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs40 \cf0 Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F.\
Roll the pie crust on a floured surface into a 12-inch circle. Put the crust into a 9-inch {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/deep-dish/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 deep-dish}} {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/pie-pans-tins-plates/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 pie plate}}; fold the edges under and crimp. Prick the bottom and sides of the pie crust with a fork. Bake until the crust is lightly browned, about 10 to 12 minutes. Set aside to cool.\
In a small bowl, soften the gelatin in cold water; set aside.\
In the top of a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/double-boiler/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 double boiler}}, combine the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/eggs/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 eggs}} yolks and 1/3 cup of sugar. Add the undrained pineapple and lemon juice. Cook over simmering water, stirring occasionally, until slightly thickened, about 20 minutes. Remove from the heat; stir in the softened gelatin mixture and let cool for 30 minutes.\
In a medium bowl, beat the heavy cream with an electric mixer until foamy. With {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/mixer/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 mixer}} running, gradually add the remaining 1/3 cup of sugar, 1 tablespoon at a time. Beat until soft peaks form, then fold it into the cooled {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/pineapple/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 pineapple}} mixture. Spoon the pineapple cream into the baked pie {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/shell/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 shell}} and freeze until set, about 4 to 6 hours.\
}