{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red51\green51\blue51;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17900\viewh18900\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa360\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs58 \cf2 Heirloom Key Lime Pie Recipe
\fs56 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural

\fs48 \cf2 Ingredients
\fs38 \

\fs40 \
Crust
\b0 \

\fs46 1-1/4 cups graham cracker crumbs\
1/3 cup sifted confectioners' sugar\
6 Tablespoon unsalted butter, melted and cooled
\fs40 \

\b Filling\

\b0\fs46 4 large egg yolks\
1 (14-oz.) can sweetened condensed milk\
1/2 cup key lime juice, divided\
1/4 teaspoon cream of tartar
\fs44 \

\b\fs40 Topping\

\b0\fs46 4 egg whites
\b \

\b0 1/4 cup sugar
\fs42 \

\fs40 \

\b\fs50 Directions
\fs38 \

\b0\fs44 In a bowl, combine 1-1/4 cups graham cracker crumbs, 1/3 cup sifted confectioners' sugar, and 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted and cooled.\
Press the mixture into a pie plate to form a crust.  Bake in a 350-degree-F oven for 10 minutes until lightly browned.\
Cool on rack. \
Beat 4 egg yolks until light in color, stir in one 14-ounce can sweetened condensed milk, 1/4 cup lime juice, 1/2 teaspoon cream of tartar, then another 1/4 cup lime juice.  Spoon into shell and bake at 325 degrees F. until it sets, about 10 to 15 minutes.  Freeze for at least 3 hours. \
\
Beat 4 egg whites with 1/4 cup sugar until stiff. Spread over pie, and bake in 450 degree F. oven until meringue is golden.\
\

\fs38 Source: 
\i --The Key West Cook Book
\i0  (1949)\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa360\ql\qnatural

\b\fs56 \cf2 Origin and History of Key Lime Pie
\fs46 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf2 The first Key Lime Pie was created in the 1850's. There were very few cows on the Keys of Florida in those days. The advent of sweetened condensed milk in 1856 was a real boon to the residents of the Keys. \
It was a natural reaction to combine the new product with the limes into a pie. The original pies had a pastry crust, of course, but the graham cracker crust dates back at least to 1949. \
\

\fs38 \
}