{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red223\green72\blue28;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15200\viewh20020\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\li300\ri1020\sl360\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs50 \cf0 Lemon Cream Cheese Pie
\fs34 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs30 \cf0      8 servings
\f0\fs34 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li300\ri1020\sl360\ql\qnatural

\fs28 \cf0 \

\fs48 Crust\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural
\cf2 1 1/4 cups
\b0\fs46 \cf0  gingersnap cookie crumbs
\fs44 \

\b\fs48 \cf2 1/4 cup
\b0\fs44 \cf0  
\fs42 butter
\fs46 , melted
\fs44 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li300\ri1020\sl360\ql\qnatural

\b\fs48 \cf0 Glaze\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural
\cf2 1/3 cup
\b0\fs46 \cf0  water
\fs44 \

\b\fs48 \cf2 1/4 cup
\b0\fs46 \cf0  sugar
\fs44 \

\b\fs48 \cf2 3 tablespoons
\b0\fs46 \cf0  lemon juice
\fs44 \

\b\fs48 \cf2 1 tablespoon
\b0\fs46 \cf0  freshly grated lemon zest
\fs44 \

\b\fs48 \cf2 1 1/2 teaspoons
\b0\fs46 \cf0  cornstarch
\fs44 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li300\ri1020\sl360\ql\qnatural

\b\fs48 \cf0 Filling\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural
\cf2 1/3 cup
\b0\fs46 \cf0  sugar
\fs44 \

\b\fs48 \cf2 1 (8-ounce) package
\b0\fs46 \cf0  cream cheese, softened
\fs44 \

\b\fs48 \cf2 1 tablespoon
\b0\fs46 \cf0  freshly grated lemon zest
\fs44 \

\b\fs48 \cf2 1/2 cup
\b0\fs46 \cf0  whipping cream
\fs44 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl20\ql\qnatural

\b\fs64 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs44 \cf0 Preheat oven to 375\'b0F. \
Combine cookie crumbs and melted butter in small bowl; press onto bottom and up sides of ungreased 9-inch glass pie pan. Bake for 5 to 6 minutes or just until set. Cool completely.\
Combine all glaze ingredients in 1-quart saucepan. Cook over medium-low heat, stirring constantly, until mixture is thickened and comes to a boil (4 to 6 minutes). Refrigerate while preparing filling.\
Combine 1/3 cup sugar, cream cheese and 1 tablespoon lemon zest in medium bowl. Beat at medium speed until creamy. Beat whipping cream in another medium bowl until stiff peaks form; gently fold into cream cheese mixture. Spoon into cooled crust. Make deep swirls in cream cheese mixture with back of teaspoon. \
Spoon glaze mixture over cream cheese mixture. Refrigerate until set (at least 2 hours). \
}