{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl600\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs66 \cf0 Lemon Ice Box Pie\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f1\b\fs34 \cf0 SERVINGS: 
\b0 MAKES ONE 9-INCH PIE\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl300\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs40 \cf0 {\listtext	
\fs48 .	}14 whole graham crackers, broken\
{\listtext	.	}1/4 cup sugar\
{\listtext	.	}1/4 teaspoon salt\
{\listtext	.	}6 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted\
{\listtext	.	}Two 14-ounce cans sweetened condensed milk\
{\listtext	.	}1 1/4 cups fresh lemon juice, plus 2 tablespoons finely grated lemon zest\
{\listtext	.	}8 large egg yolks\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl420\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f0\fs50 \cf0 {\listtext	1.	}Preheat the oven to 325\'b0. In a food processor, pulse the graham crackers with the sugar and salt until finely ground but not powdery. Add the butter and pulse until the crumbs are evenly moistened; transfer to a 9-inch springform pan and press into the bottom and two-thirds up the side. Set the pan on a rimmed baking sheet.
\b \
\ls2\ilvl0
\b0 {\listtext	2.	}In a medium bowl, whisk the condensed milk with the lemon juice. In another bowl, using a handheld mixer, beat the lemon zest with the egg yolks until pale. Beat in the condensed milk mixture until smooth. Pour the filling into the crust.
\b \
\ls2\ilvl0
\b0 {\listtext	3.	}Bake the pie for 25 minutes, until the center jiggles slightly and the edges are set. Transfer the pan to a rack; let cool for 1 hour. Loosely cover the pan with plastic wrap and freeze the pie for at least 6 hours.
\b \
\ls2\ilvl0
\b0 {\listtext	4.	}Wrap a warm, damp kitchen towel around the side of the springform pan to release the pie; remove the ring. Using a hot knife, slice the pie, transfer to plates and serve.
\b \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs42 \cf0 \
\
}