{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red76\green34\blue0;\red80\green80\blue80;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17400\viewh16600\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa100\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs56 \cf2 Mississippi Mud Pie I
\b0\fs42 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs30 \cf3 Makes one 9-inch pie; serves 8.
\b \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\fs42 \cf2 Ingredients:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0 \cf3 		1 cup semisweet chocolate chips\
		4 Tbs. (1/2 stick) unsalted butter\
		1\uc0\u8260 4 cup heavy cream\
		2 Tbs. light corn syrup\
		1 cup confectioners\'92 sugar, sifted\
		1 tsp. vanilla extract\
		1 cookie crumb crust (recipe below)\
		1\uc0\u8260 2 cup toffee bits or coarsely chopped\u8232 \'a0 toasted almonds (see Note)\
		1 quart premium coffee ice cream, softened\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\b \cf2 Directions:\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa240\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf3 In the top pan of a double boiler, combine the chocolate chips, butter, cream and corn syrup. Set over but not touching barely simmering water in the bottom pan until the chocolate is melted, stirring occasionally. Alternatively, in a microwaveproof bowl, combine the chocolate, butter, cream and corn syrup and melt in the microwave for 30-second intervals. Remove from the microwave and stir until smooth.\uc0\u8232 \u8232 Add the confectioners sugar and vanilla to the chocolate mixture and mix well. Reserve 1/2 cup of the chocolate mixture for the top of the pie. Spread the remaining mixture evenly in the bottom of the cookie crust. Sprinkle with half of the toffee bits. Refrigerate until well chilled, about 1 hour.\u8232 \u8232 In a large bowl, using an electric mixer, beat the ice cream on medium speed until it is spreadable but not runny. Immediately mound into the pie shell and spread evenly. Freeze until the ice cream is firm, at least 2 hours or up to overnight.\u8232 \u8232 Reheat the reserved chocolate mixture in the top of the double boiler over barely simmering water, or in the microwave for 30-second intervals, until it is spreadable but not hot. Using a spatula, spread it over the ice cream. Sprinkle with the remaining toffee bits and return the pie to the freezer until it is completely firm before serving, 3 to 4 hours. \u8232 \u8232 To slice, run a knife under hot water, then dry it off. If frozen overnight, the pie may need to stand at room temperature for a few minutes before it is soft enough to slice easily. Makes one 9-inch pie; serves 8.\u8232 \u8232 
\b Note:
\b0  You can find packaged toffee bits in the baking section of well-stocked markets, or chop up a toffee candy bar. The toffee bits make this pie a special treat, especially for children. For a more sophisticated version, use toasted almonds.\

\fs32 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa100\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs44 \cf2 Cookie Crumb Crust
\f1\fs30 \cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\b\fs40 \cf2 Ingredients:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\b0 \cf3 		1 1\uc0\u8260 4 cups cookie crumbs, such as graham\u8232 \'a0crackers, chocolate wafers or gingersnaps\
		5 Tbs. unsalted butter, melted\
		3 Tbs. sugar\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\b \cf2 Directions:\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf3 Preheat an oven to 350\'b0F. \
\
In a bowl, combine the cookie crumbs, butter and sugar and stir until the crumbs are well moistened. Pat the mixture firmly and evenly into the bottom and all the way up the sides of a 9-inch pie pan or dish.\
\
Bake until the crust is firm, about 5 minutes. For a firmer, crunchier crust, bake for 5 minutes more.\
Makes one 9-inch crust.\
}