{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Mud Pie I\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs32 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 8 to 10 servings\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs36 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Crust:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}2 cups finely ground chocolate sandwich {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cookie/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cookies}} (recommend Oreo cookies)\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup chopped unsalted cashew {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/nuts/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 nuts}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/butter/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 unsalted butter}}, melted\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Dense Chocolate Mousse:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}12 ounces semisweet chocolate\
{\listtext	\'95	}8 tablespoons (1 stick) unsalted butter\
{\listtext	\'95	}5 large eggs, separated\
{\listtext	\'95	}2/3 cup {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/malt/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 malt}} powder\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 1/2 tablespoons sugar\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Light Chocolate {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/mousse/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Mousse}}:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls3\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}5 ounces {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/chocolate/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 semisweet chocolate}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 ounces {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/chocolate/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 unsweetened chocolate}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/4 cups heavy {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/whipping-cream/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 whipping cream}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}6 egg whites\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}Serving Suggestion: Glossy Chocolate {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sauce/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Sauce}}, recipe follows\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/crust/index.html"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf2 Crust}}
\f1\b0\fs42 : Combine all the ingredients in a bowl and toss until thoroughly combined. Press the mixture into the bottom of a 10-inch spring form pan and refrigerate.\
Dense Mousse: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/melt/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Melt}} the semisweet chocolate and the butter together in the top of a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/double-boiler/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 double boiler}} over medium-low heat. Let cool slightly, then whisk in the egg yolks. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/whisk/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Whisk}} in the malt powder. Keep warm. In the bowl of a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/mixer/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 mixer}}, whip the egg whites until they form soft, droopy peaks. Still whipping, add the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sugar/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 sugar}} in a thin stream and whip until the mixture is stiff and glossy. Fold into the chocolate mixture. Pour into the pan and smooth the top with a rubber {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/spatula/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 spatula}}. Refrigerate.\
Light Mousse: Melt the chocolates together in the top half of a double boiler over medium-low heat. Let cool slightly. Meanwhile, in a mixer, whip the cream until it forms soft peaks and chill. In a mixer, whip the egg whites until they form soft, droopy peaks. Still whipping, add the sugar in a thin stream and whip until the mixture is thick and glossy. A third at a time, fold the egg whites into the chocolate mixture. (You may need to whisk, not fold, the first third if the mixture is very thick).\
Fold the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cream/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 whipped cream}} into the mousse. Pour over the dense mousse and smooth the top with a rubber spatula. Chill until set, at least 3 hours or up to 1 day. To turn the pie out of the pan, warm the sides with a torch and remove the walls. Slice with a knife dipped in hot water and serve with warm chocolate sauce, if desired.\
}