{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;\red61\green61\blue61;\red6\green124\blue174;
}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12380\viewh12940\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs58 \cf0 Mud Pie\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs38 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 8 servings\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}4 ounces bittersweet chocolate, coarsely chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 ounces semisweet chocolate, coarsely chopped, plus shaved chocolate, for garnish\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup unsalted butter\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 large eggs\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup granulated sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup light corn syrup\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}chocolate cookie wafer crust \
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup heavy cream\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup confectioners' sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 teaspoon vanilla extract\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.\
Butter 8-inch springform pan and line bottom with parchment paper.  \
Prepare cookie crust (see recipe below) and press into bottom of  prepared pan.\
Melt the chocolate and the butter in a double boiler. Stir continuously until combined and smooth.\
Using a stand mixer, beat the eggs, sugar, corn syrup and salt on medium-high speed until it lightens and doubles in volume, about 2 to 3 minutes. Mix in the melted chocolate mixture and fold in the pecans. Pour over the chocolate wafer crust and bake until the filling is just set, about 35 to 40 minutes.\
Remove from the oven and let cool. The pie will fall slightly. Once cool refrigerate until well chilled, roughly 1 1/2 hours.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl460\sa180\ql\qnatural

\fs44 \cf3 In a medium bowl add the heavy cream, sugar and vanilla extract and beat until soft peaks form. Top the chilled pie with the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cream/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 whipped cream}}, makng a nice mound on top of the pie.
\fs42  \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Garnish the top with shaved chocolate. Serve immediately.\
\

\b\fs52 Chocolate Wafer Cookie Crust
\b0\fs42  
\b \cf3 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl460\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\b0 \cf3 {\listtext	\'95	}20 chocolate wafer cookies\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon ground coffee {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/beans/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 beans}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 teaspoon fine salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cream/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 heavy cream}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup confectioners' sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 teaspoon {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/extracts/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 vanilla extract}}
\fs60 \
\ls2\ilvl0
\fs42 		\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl460\sa180\ql\qnatural

\fs44 \cf3 Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. \
For the crust: Process the chocolate wafers in a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/food-processor/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 food processor}} with the butter, sugar, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/coffee/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 coffee}}, and salt until fine. Evenly press the crust into the prepared springform pan covering the bottom completely. Bake until the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/crust/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 crust}} sets, about 15 minutes.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\fs58 \cf0 \
\
}