{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red153\green153\blue153;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17640\viewh21320\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\sa280\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs58 \cf0 Neapolitan Easter Pie
\f1\fs36 \cf2 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b \cf0 Yield 
\b0\fs38 Makes one 12-inch pie\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa260\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs50 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sl320\sa120\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl1
\f1\fs42 \cf0 		4 ounces spring wheat\
		2 cups milk\
		2 tablespoons unsalted butter\
		Pinch of salt\
		12 ounces whole-milk ricotta (about 1 1/2 cups)\
		3/4 cup sugar\
		Pastry Cream (recipe below)\
		Sweet Dough (recipe below)\
		All-purpose flour, for work surface\
		1 large egg, lightly beaten, for egg wash\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\sa120\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 		\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa260\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs50 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\sa360\ql\qnatural
\ls3\ilvl0
\f1\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	1.	}Place wheat in a medium bowl. Add enough water to cover by 2 inches. Refrigerate overnight. Drain, and transfer to a medium saucepan. Add milk,1 cup water, butter, and salt. Bring to a boil. Reduce to a simmer, and cook until tender, about 1 hour. Drain, and spread on a baking sheet. Let cool, about 30 minutes.\
{\listtext	2.	}Preheat oven to 375 degrees. In a medium bowl, stir together ricotta and sugar. Add cooled wheat, and pastry cream. Stir to combine.\
{\listtext	3.	}Remove the larger piece of dough from refrigerator. On a lightly floured surface, roll into a 16-inch circle, about 1/8 inch thick. Fit into a 12-by-2-inch cake pan. Pour filling into the crust; set aside. On a lightly floured surface, roll out remaining piece of dough, 1/8-inch-thick. Cut into 3/4-inch lattice strips. Weave the lattice strips over the filling, pinching edges to seal. Crimp edges as desired.\
{\listtext	4.	}Brush top of pie evenly with egg wash. Transfer to oven, and bake, rotating halfway through, until crust is golden and filling is bubbling, 1 to 1 1/2 hours.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls3\ilvl0
\f0\fs54 \cf0 Pastry Cream
\f1\fs26 \cf2 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\ql\qnatural
\ls3\ilvl0
\b\fs32 \cf0 Yield 
\b0\fs34 Makes about 2 1/2 cups
\fs42 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa260\ql\qnatural
\ls3\ilvl0
\f0\fs50 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sl320\sa120\ql\qnatural
\ls3\ilvl1
\f1\fs42 \cf0 		3 large egg yolks\
		1/2 cup all-purpose flour\
		6 tablespoons sugar\
		2 cups whole milk\
		1 vanilla bean split and scraped\
		Pinch of salt\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\sa120\ql\qnatural
\ls3\ilvl0\cf0 	\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa260\ql\qnatural
\ls3\ilvl0
\f0\fs50 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\sa360\ql\qnatural
\ls3\ilvl0
\f1\fs42 \cf0 	1.  Prepare an ice bath; set aside. In a medium bowl, whisk together egg yolks, flour, and sugar; set aside. In a medium saucepan over medium-high heat, combine milk, vanilla bean, and salt. Bring just to a boil.\
{\listtext	2.	}Using a measuring cup or a ladle, slowly pour about 1 cup of the hot milk mixture into the egg-yolk mixture, whisking constantly. Pour mixture back into saucepan, and cook over low heat, stirring constantly with a wooden spoon, until thick 1 to 2 minutes.\
	3. Strain through a fine mesh sieve into a medium bowl set over the ice bath. Let stand, stirring occasionally, until cool. Place a piece of plastic wrap directly on the surface of the pastry cream. Transfer to refrigerator until cold, at least 1 hour, and up to overnight. Just before using, remove from refrigerator, and whisk to soften slightly.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls3\ilvl0
\f0\fs52 \cf0 Sweet Dough
\f1\fs24 \cf2 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\ql\qnatural
\ls3\ilvl0
\b\fs32 \cf0 Yield 
\b0\fs34 Makes enough for one 12-inch lattice-topped pie
\fs42 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa260\ql\qnatural
\ls3\ilvl0
\f0\fs50 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sl320\sa120\ql\qnatural
\ls3\ilvl1
\f1\fs42 \cf0 		1 1/2 pounds (just under 5 cups) all-purpose flour\
		2 teaspoons baking powder\
		1 pinch of salt\
		1 cup (2 sticks) unsalted butter, room temperature\
		1 cup sugar\
		Grated zest of 1 orange\
		3 large eggs\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\sa120\ql\qnatural
\ls3\ilvl0\cf0 		\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa260\ql\qnatural
\ls3\ilvl0
\f0\fs50 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\sa360\ql\qnatural
\ls3\ilvl0
\f1\fs42 \cf0   1.  In a medium bowl, whisk together flour, baking powder, and salt; set aside.\
{\listtext	2.	}In the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, beat the butter and sugar on medium speed until light and fluffy, about 2 minutes. Beat in the orange zest. Add the eggs, one at a time, beating until fully incorporated after each addition.\
{\listtext	3.	}Reduce speed to low, and beat in the dry ingredients. Turn the dough out onto a work surface. Divide dough, making sure one piece is slightly larger than the other. Place each piece of dough on a sheet of plastic wrap. Flatten, to form two discs. Wrap, and refrigerate at least 1 hour before using.
\fs58 \
\ls3\ilvl0
\fs70 \
}