{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17460\viewh20240\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Orange Lime Pie with Meringue Topping
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\b \cf2 Serves: 
\b0 \cf0 8 servings\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs28 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}18 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cinnamon/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cinnamon}} graham crackers, broken up\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 stick unsalted butter, melted\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 eggs, separated\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 (14-ounce) can {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sweetened-condensed-milk/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 sweetened condensed milk}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup fresh squeezed lime juice\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup fresh squeezed orange juice\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/orange/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 orange}}, zested\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 lime, zested\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}Special equipment: 8-inch springform pan, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/food-processor/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 food processor}}, stand mixer\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. with the rack in the middle of the oven. In a food processor, pulse crackers until crumbly. Slowly {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/drizzle/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 drizzle}} in butter while pulsing until crumbs are moist but still crumbly. Press mixture into a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/springform-pan/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 springform pan}} using the bottom of a measuring cup. Make sure the crust goes at least 1-inch up the sides. Set aside.\
In a medium bowl whisk together egg yolks, milk, lime and orange juices and zests. Pour into {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/crust/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 crust}} and bake until pie sets, about 30 to 35 minutes. Cool to room temperature.\
Preheat broiler. In a stand {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/mixer/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 mixer}} fitted with the whisk attachment, whisk egg whites on medium speed until foamy. Slowly add sugar until {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/meringue/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 meringue}} turns glossy. Increase the speed and continue whisking until meringue holds medium soft peaks. Top pie decoratively with meringue. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/broil/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Broil}} in the middle of the oven until meringue begins to brown on the top, about 3 minutes.\
\
}