{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green101\blue14;\red61\green63\blue63;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs38 \cf2 Pate Brisee (Pie Dough)
\fs36 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\fs24 \cf0 Pate brisee is the French version of classic pie or tart pastry. Pressing the dough into a disc rather than shaping it into a ball allows it to chill faster. This will also make the dough easier to roll out, and if you freeze it, it will thaw more quickly
\fs36 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
Ingredients\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\ql\qnatural

\fs28 \cf0 Makes 1 double-crust or 2 single-crust 9- to 10-inch pies\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs24 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}2 1/2 cups all-purpose flour\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup (2 sticks) unsalted butter, chilled and cut into small pieces\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 to 1/2 cup ice water\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\ql\qnatural

\fs36 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\fs24 \cf3 {\listtext	1.	}In the bowl of a food processor, combine flour, salt, and sugar. Add butter, and process until the mixture resembles coarse meal, 8 to 10 seconds.
\f1\b\fs26 \
\ls2\ilvl0
\f0\b0\fs24 {\listtext	2.	}With machine running, add ice water in a slow, steady stream through feed tube. Pulse until dough holds together without being wet or sticky; be careful not to process more than 30 seconds. To test, squeeze a small amount together: If it is crumbly, add more ice water, 1 tablespoon at a time.
\f1\b\fs26 \
\ls2\ilvl0
\f0\b0\fs24 {\listtext	3.	}Divide dough into two equal balls. Flatten each ball into a disc and wrap in plastic. Transfer to the refrigerator and chill at least 1 hour. Dough may be stored, frozen, up to 1 month.
\f1\b\fs26 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f0\b0\fs24 \cf0 \
\
}