{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13640\viewh20240\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Peanut Butter Pie\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs32 \cf2 Serves: 
\b  
\b0 \cf0 10 servings\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}6 1/2 ounces {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/chocolate/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 chocolate}} wafers\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}5 ounces unsalted butter, room temperature, divided\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 batch AB's homemade peanut butter (recipe follows)\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 ounces powdered sugar, approximately 3/4 cup\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/extracts/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 vanilla extract}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 ounces good quality bittersweet chocolate, chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup plus 1 tablespoon heavy {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cream/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cream}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.\
In the bowl of a food processor, combine the wafers and 1 tablespoon sugar. Process until the wafers are fine crumbs. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/melt/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Melt}} 3 ounces of the butter and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/drizzle/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 drizzle}} into the crumb mixture. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/pulse/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Pulse}} to combine. Press this mixture into the bottom, up the sides and just over the lip of a 9-inch metal {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/pie-pans-tins-plates/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 pie pan}}. Place in the oven on the middle rack and bake for 10 minutes. Remove from the oven and cool completely.\
After the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/crust/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 crust}} has cooled, place the peanut butter and remaining 2 ounces of butter into the bowl of the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/food-processor/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 food processor}}. Process for 1 minute. Add the powdered sugar and vanilla and process for another 1 1/2 to 2 minutes or until smooth. Carefully spread the mixture into the pie {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/shell/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 shell}} and return to the oven to bake for 10 minutes. Remove from the oven and allow to cool while preparing the topping.\
Place the heavy cream into a heat-{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/proof/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 proof}} bowl and microwave on high just until simmering, approximately 30 seconds. Remove the cream from the microwave and add the chocolate. Make sure the chocolate is completely submersed in the cream. Allow to sit for 2 minutes. Gently {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/whisk/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 whisk}} until the chocolate is melted and combined with the cream, approximately 2 to 3 minutes.\
Spread the chocolate mixture over the pie and chill in the refrigerator for 1 1/2 hours before serving.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs50 \cf0 Homemade Peanut Butter\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs30 \cf2 Makes: 
\b0 \cf0 approximately 1 1/2 cups\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs34 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}15 ounces shelled and skinned AB's roasted peanuts, recipe follows\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon kosher salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 teaspoons {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/honey/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 honey}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 tablespoons peanut oil\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 Place the peanuts, salt and honey into the bowl of a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/food-processor/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 food processor}}. Process for 1 minute. Scrape down the sides of the bowl. Place the lid back on and continue to process while slowly drizzling in the oil and process until the mixture is smooth, 1 1/2 to 2 minutes. Place the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/peanut-butter/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 peanut butter}} in an airtight container and store in the refrigerator for up to 2 months.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Roasted Peanuts:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls3\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}2 pounds in-shell raw peanuts*\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons peanut oil\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 to 2 tablespoons {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/salt/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 kosher salt}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 *Cooks note: If eating peanuts roasted right out of the shell, use Virginia or Valencia peanuts. If utilizing roasted peanuts to make peanut butter, use Spanish peanuts as they have a higher oil content.\
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.\
Rinse the peanuts under cool water to remove excess dirt. Pat dry and place in a large bowl and toss with the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/peanut-oil/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 peanut oil}} and salt until well coated.\
Place on 2 half sheet pans, making sure to spread them out into a single layer. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/roast/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Roast}} in the oven for 30 to 35 minutes, rotating the pans halfway through cooking. Once you remove the peanuts from the oven, let them cool slightly before eating. They will continue to "cook" and become crunchy as they cool.\
If using peanuts to make peanut butter, remove shells and discard. Remove the skin by rubbing the peanuts together in your hands held over a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/salad-spinner/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 salad spinner}}, allowing the peanuts and skins to fall into the bowl. Once the skin has been loosened from all of the peanuts close the salad spinner and spin until all of the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/skin/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 skin}} has been separated from the peanuts.\
Yield: Approximately 2 pounds roasted peanuts in {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/shell/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 shell}}\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\fs24 \cf0 \
}