{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;\red0\green10\blue208;\red132\green0\blue0;
}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16420\viewh19020\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs54 \cf0 Peanut Butter Pie I\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs34 \cf2 Serves:
\b   
\b0 \cf0 8 servings\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs38 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Hot Fudge Sauce:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs46 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1/3 cup heavy cream\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup light brown sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup light corn syrup\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons unsweetened cocoa powder\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/8 teaspoon table salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 teaspoons vanilla extract\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 ounces semisweet chocolate, finely chopped\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 Peanut Butter Pie:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs46 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}8 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature\
{\listtext	\'95	}3/4 cup confectioners' sugar, plus 2 tablespoons, divided\
{\listtext	\'95	}3/4 cup creamy peanut butter, at room temperature\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup heavy whipping cream, plus whipped cream, for garnish, optional\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon vanilla extract\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 ounces shaved milk chocolate\
{\listtext	\'95	}Chopped peanuts, optional\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs46 \cf0 1 (9-inch) baked chocolate cookie pie crust (recipe below)\
Sauce: Add the cream, brown sugar, corn syrup, cocoa powder, salt, and vanilla extract to a heavy-bottomed saucepan over medium heat. Reduce the heat to a simmer and add the chopped chocolate. Stir continuously until the chocolate is melted and the sauce has thickened, roughly 3 to 4 minutes. Let the sauce cool for 10 minutes before serving.\
Pie: In a large bowl, whip the cream cheese, 3/4 cups confectioners' sugar and the peanut butter until the mixture is light and fluffy, about 3 minutes.\
In a separate bowl, whip the heavy cream until thick and light. Add the remaining 2 tablespoons confectioners' sugar and vanilla extract. Continue to whip until stiff peaks form.\
Carefully fold the whipped cream into the peanut butter mixture. Pour the batter into the pie shell, sprinkle with the shaved milk chocolate and freeze for 4 hours.\
If desired, serve with the hot fudge sauce, whipped cream, and chopped peanuts.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260\ql\qnatural

\f2\b \cf0 Oreo Cookie Pie Crust Recipe
\b0\fs40 \cf3 \uc0\u8232 \cf4 Yields: 1 pie crust\cf3 \uc0\u8232 
\b \cf0 \uc0\u8232 
\fs44 Ingredients:
\b0\fs50 \

\fs44 24 whole Oreo cookies\uc0\u8232 1/4 cup melted unsalted butter\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\ql\qnatural

\fs50 \cf0 \uc0\u8232 
\b\fs44 Preparation:
\b0\fs50 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260\ql\qnatural

\fs44 \cf0 In a medium-sized bowl or a food processor, add the Oreo cookies and blend until the texture of coarse meal. Add the melted butter and blend until well combine.\
Place the ground crumb mixture into a 9- or 10-inch springform pan and press onto the bottom. Refrigerate the crust for at least an hour before you add the filling of your choice. \cf4 This will help prevent crumbling when you want to serve it.\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs46 \cf0 \
}