{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl600\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs66 \cf0 Puff Pastry Apple Pie
\b0\fs64 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f1\b\fs32 \cf0 SERVINGS: 
\b0 MAKES ONE 9 1/2-INCH DEEP-DISH\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl300\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs48 \cf0 {\listtext	.	}3 pounds Granny Smith apples\'97peeled, cored and sliced into 1/4-inch wedges\
{\listtext	.	}1/2 cup granulated sugar\
{\listtext	.	}3 tablespoons all-purpose flour, plus more for dusting\
{\listtext	.	}Two 14-ounce packages all-butter puff pastry, chilled\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl420\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f0\fs50 \cf0 {\listtext	1.	}In a large bowl, toss the apples with the sugar and the 3 tablespoons of flour.
\b \
\ls2\ilvl0
\b0 {\listtext	2.	}On a lightly floured work surface, roll out each piece of puff pastry to a 14-inch square. Ease one pastry square into a 9 1/2-inch deep glass pie plate. Scrape the apples and their juices into the shell. Lay the second layer of puff pastry on top. Press the edges together to seal and trim the overhang to 1 inch. Crimp the edge decoratively and cut a few slits on top for venting. Freeze the pie for 1 hour.
\b \
\ls2\ilvl0
\b0 {\listtext	3.	}Preheat the oven to 400\'b0. Place the apple pie on a baking sheet and transfer it to the oven. Bake the pie for 30 minutes, until the crust is lightly golden. Reduce the oven temperature to 375\'b0 and bake for 40 minutes longer, until the top is deep golden brown. Transfer the pie to a wire rack to cool slightly before serving.}