{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red121\green95\blue66;\red97\green63\blue23;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14520\viewh17480\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260\sa480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs60 \cf2 Pumpkin Mousse Ice Cream Pie
\b0\fs48 \

\b\fs28 \cf0 Yields:  
\b0 8 servings\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260\sa320\ql\qnatural

\fs50 \cf3 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl300\sa120\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs42 \cf0 		1 1/4 cups (about 28) crushed gingersnap cookies\
		1/3 cup butter, melted\
		1/4 cup granulated sugar\
		1 pint vanilla ice cream, softened\
		1 cup {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.verybestbaking.com/Libbys/Products/PurePumpkin15oz.aspx"}}{\fldrslt 100% Pure Pumpkin}}\
		3/4 cup granulated sugar\
		1 1/2 teaspoons pumpkin pie spice\
		1 cup whipping cream\
		1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract\
		Pumpkin topping (recipe follows)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260\sa320\ql\qnatural

\fs50 \cf3 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260\ql\qnatural

\b\fs42 \cf0 PREHEAT
\b0  oven to 375\'b0 F.\
\

\b COMBINE
\b0  crushed cookies, butter and 1/4 cup sugar in small bowl. Press onto bottom and sides of 9-inch pie plate.\
\

\b BAKE
\b0  for 8 minutes. Cool completely. Spread ice cream over gingersnap crust. Freeze for 2 hours or until firm.\
\

\b COMBINE
\b0  pumpkin, 3/4 cup sugar and pumpkin pie spice in medium bowl. Beat whipping cream and vanilla extract in small mixer bowl until stiff peaks form; fold into pumpkin mixture. Spoon over ice cream. Freeze for 1 hour or until firm. Serve with Pumpkin Topping.\
\

\b FOR PUMPKIN TOPPING\
COMBINE
\b0  12.25-ounce jar caramel or butterscotch sauce, 1/2 cup LIBBY'S\'ae 100% Pure Pumpkin and 1/2 teaspoon pumpkin pie spice in small bowl.\
}