{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red34\green34\blue34;\red94\green90\blue87;\red62\green128\blue141;
}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9220\viewh11980\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl220\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\fs74 \cf2 Pumpkin Pie with Press-In\
		Shortbread Crust
\f1\fs22 \cf3 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs32 Makes one 9-inch pie\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl220\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf4 		\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl460\sa200\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\fs58 \cf2 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\sa120\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\fs42 \cf3 		1 can (15 ounces) solid-pack pumpkin\
		1 cup heavy cream\
		3/4 cup sugar\
		1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract\
		1 teaspoon coarse salt\
		1 teaspoon ground cinnamon\
		1/2 teaspoon ground ginger\
		1/4 teaspoon ground allspice\
		2 large eggs, lightly beaten\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\sa120\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf4 		{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.marthastewart.com/258731/press-in-shortbread-pie-crust"}}{\fldrslt Press-In Shortbread Pie Crust}} (recipe below)\cf3 \
		Whipped cream, for serving (optional)\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\sa120\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\fs58 \cf2 Directions\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\sa320\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\fs42 \cf3 		Preheat oven to 325 degrees. Whisk together pumpkin, heavy cream, sugar, vanilla, salt, cinnamon, ginger, allspice, and eggs in a large bowl. Pour filling into prepared pie crust.\
		Place dish on a rimmed baking sheet. Bake, rotating halfway through, until filling is just set and slightly puffed but still a bit wobbly, 65 to 70 minutes. Transfer to a wire rack, and let cool completely. Refrigerate, uncovered, for at least 6 hours. Serve chilled, topped with whipped cream if desired.
\f0\fs92 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl740\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs74 \cf2 Press-In Shortbread Pie Crust
\f1\fs22 \cf3 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl220\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs32 \cf3 Makes one 9-inch crust\
		\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl460\sa200\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs60 \cf2 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\sa120\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\fs44 \cf3 		2 ounces (4 tablespoons) unsalted butter, softened\
		3 tablespoons sugar\
		1 large egg yolk\
		1 cup all-purpose flour\
		1 teaspoon coarse salt\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl460\sa200\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs60 \cf2 Directions\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\sa320\ql\qnatural
\ls3\ilvl0
\f1\fs44 \cf3 {\listtext	.	}Stir together butter and sugar in a medium bowl. Stir in yolk. Add flour and salt, and stir until mixture is dry and crumbly. Press dough into bottom and up sides of a 9-inch pie dish. Freeze until firm, about 20 minutes. Meanwhile, preheat oven to 375 degrees.\
{\listtext	.	}Bake, rotating halfway through, just until crust turns golden brown, 20 to 22 minutes. Let cool in dish on a wire rack.\
}