{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green171\blue189;\red61\green63\blue63;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11040\viewh15140\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs36 \cf0 Pumpkin Pie\
Ingredients\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\ql\qnatural

\fs28 \cf0 Makes one 9-inch pie\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs24 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 cup packed light-brown sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon cornstarch\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon ground ginger\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon ground cinnamon\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/8 teaspoon ground cloves\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 cups fresh {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.marthastewart.com/recipe/pumpkin-puree-2"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Pumpkin Puree}}, or canned\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 large eggs, lightly beaten, plus 1 egg for glaze\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 cups evaporated milk\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.marthastewart.com/recipe/pate-brisee-pie-dough"}}{\fldrslt Pate Brisee (Pie Dough)}}\cf0 \
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon heavy cream\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\ql\qnatural

\fs36 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\fs24 \cf3 {\listtext	1.	}Preheat oven to 425 degrees. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper; set aside. In a large bowl, combine sugar, cornstarch, salt, ginger, cinnamon, cloves, pumpkin puree, and 3 eggs. Beat well. Add evaporated milk, and combine. Set aside.
\f1\b\fs26 \
\ls2\ilvl0
\f0\b0\fs24 {\listtext	2.	}Between two pieces of plastic wrap, roll pate brisee into a 12-inch circle. Fit pastry into a 9-inch glass pie plate; trim dough evenly along edge, leaving about a 1/2-inch overhang. Pinch to form a decorative edge. If the dough begins to soften, chill for 15 minutes.
\f1\b\fs26 \
\ls2\ilvl0
\f0\b0\fs24 {\listtext	3.	}Make the glaze: Beat the remaining egg, and combine with heavy cream. Brush glaze very lightly on edges of pie shell. Fill pie shell with pumpkin mixture. Transfer to prepared baking sheet.
\f1\b\fs26 \
\ls2\ilvl0
\f0\b0\fs24 {\listtext	4.	}Bake for 10 minutes. Reduce heat to 350 degrees and continue baking for 30 minutes more. Cool on a wire rack.
\f1\b\fs26 \
}