{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red34\green34\blue34;\red94\green90\blue87;\red62\green128\blue141;
}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid4}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15580\viewh21320\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl220\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs22 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl740\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs74 \cf2 Raspberry Rhubarb Lattice Pie
\f0\b\fs22 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl220\ql\qnatural

\fs24 \cf2 Yield\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl220\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf3 Makes one 11-inch pie
\f1\fs40 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl460\sa200\ql\qnatural

\fs46 \cf2 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\sa120\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\fs30 \cf3 		
\fs34 1/3 cup all-purpose flour, plus more for dusting\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\sa120\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf4 		{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.marthastewart.com/254678/ritas-deep-dish-pate-brisee"}}{\fldrslt Rita's Deep-Dish Pate Brisee}} (recipe below)\cf3 \
		1 1/2 pounds rhubarb, trimmed and cut into 1/2-inch pieces (4 cups)\
		2 cups raspberries\
		1 1/4 cups sugar, or more to taste\
		Freshly squeezed juice of 1/2 lemon\
		1 tablespoon cold unsalted butter, cut into small pieces\
		1 large egg, lightly beaten\
		2 tablespoons heavy cream\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl460\sa200\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs46 \cf2 Directions\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\sa240\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f0\fs34 \cf3 {\listtext	.	}Preheat oven to 350 degrees.\
{\listtext	.	}On a lightly floured surface, roll out one half of dough for bottom crust. Fit into an 11-inch pie plate. Trim pastry using scissors or a sharp paring knife, and chill. Keep remaining half of dough, which will be used to make the lattice, refrigerated and wrapped in plastic.\
{\listtext	.	}Combine rhubarb and raspberries in a large bowl. Sprinkle with sugar, flour, and lemon juice. Toss gently so as not to break raspberries. Spoon into pie shell, and dot with butter. Refrigerate while preparing lattice top.\
{\listtext	.	}In a small bowl, combine egg and heavy cream, whisking lightly; set aside. On a lightly floured surface, roll out remaining piece of dough for lattice, and cut it into 1-inch strips. Weave strips together over filling, and place an extra strip or two along the edge, where the bottom crust joins the lattice top; press this strip with tines of a fork to seal well. Brush lattice and all pastry edges with egg glaze, sprinkle top with sugar, and place pie on a parchment paper's lined baking sheet.\
{\listtext	.	}Bake until pastry is golden brown and juices in center of pie are bubbling, 1 1/4 to 1 1/2 hours. Transfer to a wire rack to cool before serving.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl740\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs74 \cf2 Deep-Dish Pate Brisee\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl220\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs24 \cf2 Yield\

\b0 \cf3 Makes enough for one 12-inch deep-dish pie
\fs36 \cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl460\sa200\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs46 \cf2 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\sa120\ql\qnatural
\ls3\ilvl0
\f0\fs30 \cf3 		
\fs34 3 3/4 cups all-purpose flour\
		1 1/2 teaspoons salt\
		1 1/2 teaspoons sugar\
		3/4 pound unsalted butter (3 sticks), cut into small pieces\
		3/4 cup ice water\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl460\sa200\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs46 \cf2 Directions\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\sa240\ql\qnatural
\ls4\ilvl0
\f0\fs30 \cf3 {\listtext	.	}
\fs34 \cf3 Place flour, salt, and sugar in a food processor; process to combine. Add butter, and process until mixture resembles coarse meal, about 10 seconds. Add 1/2 to 3/4 cup ice water in a slow, steady stream through the feed tube with the machine running, just until the dough holds together. Do not process for more than 30 seconds. Test dough by squeezing a small amount together; if it is still crumbly, add a bit more water.\
{\listtext	.	}Turn dough out onto a piece of plastic wrap. Press into a flattened circle, and wrap in the plastic. Refrigerate for at least 1 hour before using.
\fs44 \
}