{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12900\viewh14640\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs78 \cf0 Rustic Strawberry Galette
\fs72 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs50 \cf0 Yields: 6 slices
\fs48 \

\b\fs50 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\ql\qnatural

\fs62 \cf0 Ingredients
\fs68 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0\fs56 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 1/4\'a0cup(s) all-purpose flour\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 \'a0teaspoon(s) salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 \'a0tablespoon(s) grandulated sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 \'a0cup(s) grandulated sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 ounces cream cheese, cut into 1/2-inch cubes\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 \'a0stick(s) cold unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 \'a0pound(s) strawberries, hulled and halved \
{\listtext	\'95	}1 \'a0tablespoon(s) cornstarch\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 \'a0 vanilla bean, seeds scraped and reserved \
{\listtext	\'95	}1 \'a0teaspoon(s) lemon zest\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 \'a0 egg, beaten with 1 teaspoon water\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 \'a0tablespoon(s) turbinado sugar\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\ql\qnatural

\b\fs62 \cf0 Directions
\fs68 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\b0\fs56 \cf0 {\listtext	1.	}In a food processor, pulse flour, salt, and 1 tablespoon granulated sugar to combine. Add cream cheese and butter and pulse until large crumbs form. Add 3 to 4 tablespoons water and pulse just until dough begins to come together. Turn dough out onto a lightly floured work surface and gently knead until dough comes together evenly. Pat into a disk and wrap tightly in plastic wrap. Refrigerate for at least 1 hour or up to overnight.\
{\listtext	2.	}Unwrap dough disk and roll between 2 sheets of parchment to create a 12-inch-diameter circle that is 1/8 inch thick. Transfer dough to a baking sheet and refrigerate for 30 minutes.\
{\listtext	3.	}Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Meanwhile, in a large bowl, toss strawberries with cornstarch, vanilla-bean seeds, lemon zest, and remaining granulated sugar. Arrange strawberries atop dough, leaving a 2-inch border. Fold border up and over strawberries to create a 2-inch-wide rim. Brush crust with egg wash and sprinkle with turbinado sugar. Bake galette until crust is golden, 40 to 45 minutes.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
}