{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red153\green153\blue153;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15000\viewh15980\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\sa280\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs54 \cf0 Shaker Lemon Pie
\f1\fs32 \cf2 \

\b \cf0 Yield 
\b0\fs34 Makes one 11-inch pie\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa260\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs46 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sl320\sa120\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl1
\f1\fs38 \cf0 		4 large lemons\
		4 cups granulated sugar\
		Pate Brisee for Shaker Lemon Pie (http://www.marthastewart.com/259085/pate-brisee-for-shaker-lemon-pie)\
		9 eggs, well beaten\
		2 egg whites, beaten with a fork\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\sa120\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 		\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa260\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs46 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\sa360\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\fs38 \cf0 {\listtext	1.	}Wash and cut 2 of the lemons into paper-thin slices. It is very important to slice the lemons as thinly as possible; use a very sharp knife or an electric meat slicer, if on is available. Remove peel and pith of remaining lemons; slice the flesh very, very thinly, and put it with the other slices in a large mixing bowl. Add sugar, and toss well to coat. Cover bowl with plastic wrap, and let the mixture rest overnight, stirring occasionally.\
{\listtext	2.	}The next day, preheat oven to 450 degrees. Press one circle of pastry into an 11-inch pie plate and chill.\
{\listtext	3.	}Add beaten eggs to the lemon mixture, and mix well. Turn mixture into prepared pie shell, neatly arranging some of the lemon slices on top. Cut long, even slashes 1 inch apart in the other pastry round, and place on top of filling. Crimp edges of the pie to seal. Brush top and edges with egg-white glaze. Bake for 15 minutes. Reduce oven temperature to 375 degrees and continue baking for 30 minutes, or until the crust is golden brown and shiny. Let cool on a rack before serving.\
}