{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red164\green194\blue114;\red47\green43\blue34;\red45\green57\blue24;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww19640\viewh20240\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa400\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs58 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd8\expndtw40
Sweet Cherry Pie
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf3 \kerning1\expnd4\expndtw20
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li40\ri760\sl360\sa120\ql\qnatural
\cf3 dough for double-crust pie (recipe below)\uc0\u8232 4 cups pitted fresh cherries (about 2 pounds unpitted)\u8232 4 tablespoons cornstarch\u8232 2/3 to 3/4 cup sugar (adjust this according to the sweetness of your cherries)\u8232 1/8 teaspoon salt\u8232 Juice of half a lemon\u8232 1/4 teaspoon vanilla extract\
1 egg, beaten with 2 tablespoons water\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa380\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs48 \cf4 \kerning1\expnd8\expndtw40
Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\li40\ri760\sl360\sa120\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs42 \cf3 \kerning1\expnd4\expndtw20
Preheat oven to 400\'b0F.\
Stir together the cherries, cornstarch, sugar, salt, lemon and vanilla extract gently together in a large bowl.\
Roll out half of chilled dough (use larger piece, if you\'92ve divided them unevenly) on a floured work surface to 13-inch round. Gently place it in 9-inch pie pan, either by rolling it around the rolling pin and unrolling it over the pan or by folding it into quarters and unfolding it in the pan. Trim edges to a half-inch overhang.\
Spoon filling into pie crust, discarding the majority of the liquid that has pooled in the bowl.\
Roll out the remaining dough into a 12-inch round on a lightly floured surface, drape it over the filling, and trim it, leaving a 1-inch overhang. Fold the overhang under the bottom crust, pressing the edge to seal it, and crimp the edge decoratively. Brush the egg wash over over pie crust.\
Cut slits in the crust with a sharp knife, forming steam vents, and bake the pie in the middle of the oven for 25 minutes. Reduce the temperature to 350\'b0F. and bake the pie for 25 to 30 minutes more, or until the crust is golden. Let the pie cool on a rack.\
Enjoy!\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa400\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs58 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd8\expndtw40
My Favorite Pie Crust Recipe\
\pard\pardeftab720\li40\ri760\sl360\sa120\ql\qnatural

\f1\i\fs42 \cf3 \kerning1\expnd4\expndtw20
recipe yields enough for a bottom and top pie crust
\i0 \kerning1\expnd4\expndtw20
\
2 1/2 cups all-purpose flour\uc0\u8232 2 sticks unsalted butter\u8232 1 tsp. kosher salt\u8232 1 tsp. granulated sugar\u8232 8-10 tbsp. ice water, plus more if needed\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa380\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs48 \cf4 \kerning1\expnd8\expndtw40
Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\li40\ri760\sl360\sa120\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs42 \cf3 \kerning1\expnd4\expndtw20
Cut the butter into 1/2-inch cubes and place on a baking sheet in the freezer for at least 20 minutes, preferably 1 hour.\
Combine flour, kosher salt and sugar in a food processor (or a large bowl if mixing by hand). Pulse food processor a few times to mix. Slowly add the frozen butter, pulsing just as much as necessary to break the butter pieces into pea-size lumps. Add water, 1 tablespoon at a time, pulsing in between, until dough sticks to itself when pinched.\
Remove flour mixture from the food processor and place onto a clean, dry, flat surface. Gently shape into 2 disks. If the dough is too crumbly and refuses to cooperate, add more water, tablespoon by tablespoon, as needed.\'a0 I always need more water, just FYI.\'a0 The goal is to use as little water as possible to make it stay together. You will be able to see little specs of butter within the dough. These bits of butter, as they melt in the oven, will help make the crust flaky and delicious.\
Sprinkle each disk lightly with flour and wrap individually in plastic wrap. Place in fridge for at least 20 minutes, preferably 1 hour.\
Remove one disk from the refrigerator and let sit at room temperature for about 5 minutes to make it easier to roll out. Using a well-floured rolling pin on a lightly-floured surface, roll out dough to form an approximate 12-inch circle.\'a0 Be sure to continue to flip the dough over and lightly flour each side so as not to have the rolled-out dough stick to the surface.\
Place the rolled-out dough onto a 9-inch pie plate. Gently press the pie dough down so that it meets the bottom and sides of the pie dish. Using the back of a knife, trim the dough around the top edge of the pie dish, leaving about a 1/4-inch to 1/2-inch overlap.\
If just filling your pie without pre-baking the bottom crust, do this now.\'a0 (If pre-baking, instructions follow).\
To make the top to the pie, remove the second disk from the refrigerator.\'a0 Roll out the second disk of dough, just as before. Gently place the top crust over the pie dish. Pinch top and bottom of dough crusts firmly together.\'a0 Trim excess dough again with the back of a knife, leaving a 1/2-inch overlap. Fold the edge of the top piece of dough over and under the edge of the bottom piece of dough, pressing together. To seal the crust, you can either crimp the edges using your thumb and forefinger or press with a fork. Make 2-3 1-inch slits on the top of the pie with a sharp knife to allow for steam to escape during baking.\
*Depending on your recipe, you may need to pre-bake your crust prior to filling it.\'a0 If pre-baking, follow these instructions:\
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees.\
Butter and flour a 9-inch pie plate and then set aside.\
On a lightly floured surface, roll out the dough. Place the dough in the pie plate and trim off excess and then crimp the edges. Use a fork to poke holes around the sides and bottom of the crust and chill until firm, about 20 min.\
Cover the dough with a sheet of parchment paper and fill it with dried or baking beans. Bake until the crimped edges are firm, about 10-15 min. Remove the parchment paper and beans and bake until the bottom is firm, about another 10-15 min.\
Fill the crust with the pie filling, spreading evenly.\'a0 Place on a parchment paper-lined baking sheet and bake depending on your oven and the filling\'92s recipe.\'a0 Remove from the oven and cool on a wire rack.\
Enjoy!\
}