{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15500\viewh15940\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs88 \cf0 Bal's Homemade Granola\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs52 \cf0 Yield:  8 cups
\fs58 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\ql\qnatural

\b\fs78 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0\fs66 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}3 cups rolled oats\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup flax seeds\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup pumpkin seeds\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup sesame seeds\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup sunflower seeds\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup sliced almonds\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup cashews, hand crushed or roughly chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup unsweetened shredded coconut,\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup pecans, hand crushed or roughly chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon ground green cardamom\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon ground fennel seeds\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 tablespoons canola oil\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 tablespoons molasses\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup honey\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/3 cup dried banana chips, roughly chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/3 cup dried cranberries\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/3 cup chopped dried mango\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/3 cup chopped dried papaya\
{\listtext	\'95	}Fresh raspberries or blueberries, for serving (optional)\
{\listtext	\'95	}Plain yogurt, for serving (optional)\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\ql\qnatural

\b\fs78 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs66 \cf0 Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. 
\f1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 
\f0 In a large bowl, combine the oats, flax seeds, pumpkin seeds, sesame seeds, sunflower seeds, almonds, cashews, coconut and pecans. Mix in the cardamom, cinnamon and fennel. Whisk together the oil, molasses and honey in a measuring cup, and pour this over the dry ingredients. Mix well so that everything is thoroughly coated. Spread the mixture out on a baking sheet and transfer to the oven. Bake until lightly browned, 40 to 45 minutes, stirring every ten minutes or so. 
\f1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 
\f0 Remove the granola from the oven and let cool to room temperature. When cool, break up any large clumps. Mix in the banana chips, cranberries, mango and papaya. Store in an airtight container for up to 1 month. 
\f1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 
\f0 Serve with yogurt and fresh berries, if desired.\
}