{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11120\viewh14140\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Granola (from Lucky's Cafe)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs32 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 8 servings\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}3 tablespoons {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/butter/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 unsalted butter}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup honey (local)\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 cups {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/rolled-oats/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 rolled oats}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/4 cup rolled spelt\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/3 cup {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/wheat-germ/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 wheat germ}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 tablespoons sesame seeds\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon flax seeds\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 teaspoon ground nutmeg\
{\listtext	\'95	}2/3 teaspoon salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup toasted almonds\
{\listtext	\'95	}2/3 cup dried fruit (i.e. white {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/raisin/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 raisins}}, chopped {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/apricot/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 apricots}}, black {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/currant/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 currants}}, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cranberry/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cranberries}})\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 cups honey puffed spelt (recommended: Stutzman Farms)\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 cups honey puffed corn (recommended: Stutzman Farms)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions
\f1\b0\fs42 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Preheat oven at 350 degrees F.\
On low heat, melt butter and honey. Set aside. In a large bowl, mix together rolled oats, rolled spelt, wheat germ, sesame seeds, flax seeds, ground nutmeg, and salt. When the butter mixture cools to room temperature, toss with the dry ingredients until the dry mixture is slightly moistened. If the mixture seems dry, melt more butter and toss it in. Spread in an even layer onto a baking sheet. Bake for 30 minutes, mixing the ingredients every 10 minutes and spreading them evenly. Remove from oven, mix again and set aside to cool. When cooled, in a large bowl, toss mixture with toasted almonds, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/dried-fruit/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 dried fruit}}, honey puffed spelt, and honey puffed corn. Store in an airtight container. Serve with yogurt and fresh fruit and top with local honey or {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/apple-cider/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 apple cider}} syrup.\
}