{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red61\green61\blue61;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12120\viewh16340\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri1000\sl500\sa80\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf2 Happy Trails Granola
\f1\fs28 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural
\cf2 Yield: 
\b0 8 servings\

\f0\b\fs42 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa140\ql\qnatural

\fs48 \cf2 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl420\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs38 \cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup maple syrup\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup vegetable oil\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon ground cinnamon\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 cups rolled oats \
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup sliced almonds\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup raw sunflower seeds\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup raw pumpkin seeds\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup firmly packed dark brown sugar \
{\listtext	\'95	}Pinch kosher salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 egg whites\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup shredded sweetened coconut flakes\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup dried cranberries\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup M and M's\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf2 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa180\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs38 \cf2 Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper.\
In a small pot over medium heat, whisk together the syrup, oil and cinnamon. Cook until it just bubbles. Remove from the heat and cool slightly.\
In a large bowl, add the oats, almonds, sunflower seeds, brown sugar and a pinch of salt. Pour in the syrup mixture and toss well. In a small bowl, whisk the egg whites to combine. Pour over the granola and toss well. Evenly spread the mixture onto a sheet tray. Bake until golden, turning several times, about 35 to 40 minutes.\
Remove from the oven to a serving bowl and cool. When cool add the remaining ingredients and serve.\
}