{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf360
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16880\viewh20700\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs92 \cf0 Pumpkin Granola\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs58 \cf0 Yield:  4 servings\
\

\b\fs76 Ingredients
\b0 \
2 1/2 cups rolled oats\
1/3 cup pumpkin seeds\
1/3 cup chopped pecans, almonds or walnuts\
1/3 cup pumpkin puree\
1/3 cup light brown muscovado sugar\
1/4 cup maple syrup\
1 tablespoon canola oil\
2 teaspoons pumpkin pie spice\
1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract\
1/2 cup dried cranberries, optional\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 Directions
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Line a half sheet pan with parchment paper and lightly spray with nonstick spray; set aside.\
Put the oats, seeds and nuts in a large bowl. Combine the pumpkin puree, sugar, maple syrup, oil and pumpkin pie spice in a medium saucepan and bring to a boil over medium heat and let it cook for 1 minute longer, whisking occasionally. Remove from the heat and stir in the vanilla extract.\
Pour the wet ingredients over the oat mixture and stir until the oats are fully coated. The mixture will be pretty wet. Evenly spread the mixture, in a single layer, onto the prepared baking sheet. Bake for 20 minutes, then stir and bake for an additional 15-20 minutes or until the granola is golden brown and crisp. Cool on a baking rack. Transfer to a bowl and stir in the cranberries, if using. Store leftovers in an airtight container in a cool, dark, place, for up to 1 week.\
\
\
\
}