{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red61\green61\blue61;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12600\viewh20260\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri1000\sl500\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs54 \cf2 6 Tacos Ideas\

\f1\fs38 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa280\ql\qnatural

\fs46 \cf2 Chipotle Pork
\b0  Saute 1 each chopped red onion and chipotle in adobo sauce in oil. Add 2 teaspoons each cumin and coriander; cook 30 seconds. Add 1 tablespoon adobo sauce and 1 pound ground pork; cook until browned. Add 2 tablespoons broth, and salt to taste. Serve in hard taco shells.\

\b Ground Beef
\b0  Saute 1 chopped onion and 2 minced garlic cloves in oil. Add 1 tablespoon chili powder and 2 teaspoons each cumin and coriander; cook 30 seconds. Add 1 pound ground beef and cook until browned. Add 2 tablespoons broth, and salt to taste. Serve in hard taco shells and top as desired.\

\b Spicy Beef
\b0  Make Ground Beef Tacos (above), adding 2 teaspoons hot sauce and 1/4 cup chopped pickled jalapenos with the broth.\

\b Carnitas
\b0  Combine 2 pounds cubed pork shoulder, 1 garlic clove, 1/2 each orange and lime, 4 thyme sprigs, 2 bay leaves, 1 cup milk, water to cover and 1 teaspoon salt in a pot; cook over medium heat until the liquid evaporates and the pork browns, 1 hour. Remove the pork; cook sliced onions in the pot. Serve the pork and onions in tortillas.\

\b Chipotle Pork
\b0  Saute 1 each chopped red onion and chipotle in adobo sauce in oil. Add 2 teaspoons each cumin and coriander; cook 30 seconds. Add 1 tablespoon adobo sauce and 1 pound ground pork; cook until browned. Add 2 tablespoons broth, and salt to taste. Serve in hard taco shells.\

\b Chinese Pork
\b0  Sear 2 pounds pork shoulder in oil in a pot. Add 3 cups water, 1/4 cup each soy sauce, sliced ginger and garlic, 1 star anise pod, 1 cinnamon stick and 1 teaspoon salt. Cover; simmer 3 hours. Shred the pork. Serve in tortillas with Asian chile sauce.}