{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14780\viewh14380\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl500\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs46 \cf0 Beef and Pork Tamale Pie
\f1\b0\fs26 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260\ql\qnatural

\b \cf2 Serves: 
\b0 \cf0 4 to 6 servings\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs30 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs40 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl420\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs38 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon vegetable oil\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 pound ground pork\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 pound ground sirloin\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 onion, finely chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 cloves garlic, finely chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons seeded chipotle in adobo sauce, finely chopped, plus couple spoonfuls sauce\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon ground cumin (scant palmful)\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon coriander (scant palmful)\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 teaspoons unsweetened cocoa powder\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon\
{\listtext	\'95	}Salt and freshly ground black pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup tomato paste\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 (12-ounce) bottle Mexican beer (recommended: Negra Modelo)\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup beef stock\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 cups chicken stock or water\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 cups milk\
{\listtext	\'95	}About 1 cup quick cooking polenta\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons butter\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 generous tablespoon honey\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 cups shredded Cheddar or smoked Cheddar cheese\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs40 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs38 \cf0 Heat 1 tablespoon oil in a large skillet over high heat, add pork and sirloin and brown. Add the onions, garlic, chipotle, adobo sauce, cumin, coriander, cocoa powder, cinnamon, salt, and pepper, cook 5 minutes to soften bits of onions. Stir in the tomato paste and cook 1 minute more. Add the beer and scrape up the drippings. Add 1 cup beef stock and heat through to combine the flavors then cool completely and store for make-ahead meal.\
\
The night you would like to serve tamale pie, reheat in a skillet over medium heat while you make the quick-cooking polenta. Preheat broiler. Heat chicken stock and milk to a boil, then whisk in the polenta and cook until thick, 3 minutes. Cook's Note: Polenta needs to be very thick.\
\
Stir in butter and honey and season with salt and coarse black pepper. Spread the thick polenta in an even layer over the tamale filling. Top the polenta with cheese and brown under broiler.\
}