{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15580\viewh19560\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl500\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs46 \cf0 Birria Tacos
\f1\b0\fs26 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260\ql\qnatural

\b \cf2 Serves: 
\b0 \cf0 6-8 servings\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodnetwork.com/magazine"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs30 \cf2 \
}}\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs30 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs46 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl420\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs44 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}3 pounds bone-in beef short ribs\
{\listtext	\'95	}Kosher salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}5 dried California chile peppers, stemmed and seeded\
{\listtext	\'95	}5 dried pasilla chile peppers, stemmed and seeded\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 dried ancho chile peppers, stemmed and seeded\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 medium tomatoes, cored and quartered\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 small white onion, quartered\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 cloves garlic\
{\listtext	\'95	}12 black peppercorns\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon achiote paste (available at Latin markets)\
{\listtext	\'95	}Pinch of cumin seeds\
{\listtext	\'95	}Freshly ground pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}12 to 16 small corn tortillas, warmed\
{\listtext	\'95	}Pickled red onions, for topping (below)\
{\listtext	\'95	}Lime wedges, for serving\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs46 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs44 \cf0 Put the short ribs in a large heavy pot. Season with 3 teaspoons salt and cover with water by about 1 inch. Bring to a boil over medium heat, skimming any foam from the surface. Reduce the heat to low and simmer until the meat is tender, 2 hours, 30 minutes to 3 hours. Transfer the short ribs to a cutting board with a slotted spoon and let cool slightly, then shred the meat from the bone. Skim the fat off the broth in the pot; reserve the broth.\
\
Meanwhile, soak the dried chiles in warm water until soft, about 30 minutes. Drain and transfer to a blender; add the tomatoes, onion, garlic, peppercorns, achiote paste and cumin and process until smooth, adding water if necessary.\
\
Mix about 1 cup reserved broth into the chile puree, then pour the puree through a fine-mesh sieve into the pot of broth. Bring to a boil, then reduce to a simmer and cook until thickened, about 30 minutes. Add the shredded meat and simmer 10 more minutes. Season with salt and pepper.\
\
Use tongs to divide the meat among the tortillas. Top with pickled onions; serve with the remaining cooking liquid and lime wedges.\
\
Pickled Red Onions\
Mix 1 thinly sliced large red onion, 3/4 cup each white vinegar and water, 6 tablespoons sugar and 1/2 teaspoon each crumbled oregano and salt in a large resealable plastic bag; seal and shake, then refrigerate at least 24 hours.\
\
}