{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red61\green61\blue61;\red6\green124\blue174;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14760\viewh20420\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri1000\sl500\sa80\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs42 \cf2 "Burritos De Machaca"\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs22 \cf2 Yield: 
\b0 12 burritos\

\f0\b\fs42 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa140\ql\qnatural

\fs46 \cf2 Ingredients\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\sa80\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs36 \cf2 Marinade:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl420\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0 \cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/soy-sauce/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 soy sauce}}, plus 1 tablespoon {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/worcestershire-sauce/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 Worcestershire sauce}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons water\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 tablespoons fresh lime juice\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 garlic cloves, minced\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/serrano-chile/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 serrano chile}}, stemmed, seeded, and minced\
{\listtext	\'95	}Salt and freshly ground black pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup olive oil\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 (2 to 3-pound) {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/skirt-steak/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 skirt steak}}, trimmed and cut into 3 pieces\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 tablespoons vegetable or olive oil\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 cups diced onion\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup diced red bell pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/garlic/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 garlic}} cloves, minced\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 serrano chiles, stemmed, seeded, and minced\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup beef {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/broth/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 broth}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 can diced tomatoes with juice\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon dried {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/oregano/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 oregano}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}Salt and freshly ground black pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}12 (6-inch) {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/tortilla/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 flour tortillas}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}Lime wedges, for serving\
	\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs46 \cf2 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa180\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs36 \cf2 Combine the soy sauce, Worcestershire, water, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/lime/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 lime}} juice, garlic, chile, salt, and pepper, to taste, in a medium-size bowl. Slowly add the 1/2 cup of olive oil, whisking constantly.\
Add the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/beef/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 beef}} to the marinade, making sure each piece is coated with the mixture. Transfer the meat and the marinade to a quart-size freezer bag. Seal and refrigerate for at least 8 hours or preferably overnight. Allow the meat to come to room temperature before cooking, about 30 minutes. Remove the meat from the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/marinade/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 marinade}} and pat dry with paper towels. Discard the marinade.\
In a large heavy pot, heat the vegetable oil over medium-high heat. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sear/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 Sear}} the meat on all sides, a few pieces at a time, about 4 minutes per side. Transfer the browned meat to a platter and set aside.\
Add the onions, peppers, garlic, and chiles to the hot pan. Saute for 5 minutes, then add the beef broth, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/tomato/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 tomatoes}}, oregano, salt and pepper, to taste. Mix well, then return the meat to the pan. Bring to a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/boil/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 boil}}, reduce the heat, cover, and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/simmer/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 simmer}} slowly until the meat is very tender, about 2 hours. Transfer the meat to a cutting board and allow to rest until cool enough to handle, about 15 minutes. Continue to cook the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/onion/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 onion}} mixture until most of the liquid has evaporated, about 10 minutes.\
Using your fingers or 2 forks, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/shred/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 shred}} the meat into 2-inch-long pieces. Return the shredded meat to the pot, stir to combine, and cook until meat is very hot, about 3 minutes.\
Warm the tortillas over a burner or in a dry skillet over medium heat for 20 seconds. Put about 2 tablespoons of the meat mixture in the center of each tortilla, and roll into a thin {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/burrito/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 burrito}}. Arrange them on a serving platter and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/garnish/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 garnish}} with lime wedges.}