{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Chicken Mole Poblano\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs32 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 4 to 6 servings\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Mole sauce:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}2 dried ancho chilies, stemmed and seeded\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 dried anaheim chilies, stemmed and seeded\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 dried chipotle chilies, stemmed and seeded\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup golden raisins\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup whole almonds\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup sesame seeds\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon whole black {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/peppercorn/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 peppercorns}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cinnamon stick, preferably Mexican, broken in pieces\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon dried oregano, preferably Mexican\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 sprigs fresh {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/thyme/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 thyme}}, leaves only\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/onion/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 onions}}, sliced\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/garlic/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cloves garlic}}, chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 serrano peppers, stemmed and seeded\
{\listtext	\'95	}6 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/plum-tomato/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 plum tomatoes}}, chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 ounces bittersweet {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/chocolate/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 chocolate}}, preferably Mexican, chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/chicken/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 capon}} or large chicken, cut into 10 pieces\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 lemon, juiced\
{\listtext	\'95	}Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}5 tablespoons {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/olive-oil/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 extra-virgin olive oil}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 cups chicken stock\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 onion, thinly sliced\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/radish/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 radishes}}, thinly sliced\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 lime, juiced\
{\listtext	\'95	}Cilantro leaves, for garnish\
{\listtext	\'95	}Cooked white rice, for serving\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 For the mole: Tear the ancho, anaheim, and chipotle chiles into large pieces and toast them in a dry skillet over medium heat until they change color a bit, about 2 minutes. Put them into a bowl with the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/raisin/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 raisins}} and cover them with hot water. Soak unti softened, about 30 minutes. In the same skillet over medium heat, add the almonds, sesame seeds, peppercorns, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cinnamon/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cinnamon stick}}, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/oregano/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 oregano}}, and thyme. Toast for 2 minutes, grind in a spice {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/grinder/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 grinder}}, and add the powder to a blender. In the same skillet over medium-high heat add the olive oil, onions, garlic, and serrano. Cook until lightly browned, then add the tomatoes. Cook until vegetables are softened, about 10 to 15 minutes, then add to the blender. Add the chocolate and the soaked chiles and raisins to the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/blender/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 blender}} along with some of the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/chile/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 chile}} soaking liquid. Puree, adding more soaking liquid as needed, to make a smooth {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sauce/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 sauce}}. (This makes about 4 cups sauce, the recipe uses 2 cups, the extra can be frozen).\
Pour the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/lemon/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 lemon juice}} over the chicken and season it well with salt and pepper. Heat 3 tablespoons olive oil in a large heavy-bottomed skillet and brown the chicken on all sides; remove the browned chicken to a plate leaving the oil in the pan. Pour 2 cups of the mole sauce into the hot skillet and simmer for about 5 minutes. Add the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/stock/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 chicken stock}} and return the chicken pieces to the pan. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/simmer/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Simmer}}, covered, until the chicken is cooked through, about 20 to 25 minutes.\
Meanwhile, put the onion and radish slices into a bowl. Add the lime juice and remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil and season with salt. Mix well and serve with the chicken.\
Serve over cooked {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/rice/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 white rice}} with the onion and radish salad. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/garnish/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Garnish}} everything with {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cilantro/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cilantro}} leaves.\
\
}