{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red84\green84\blue84;\red100\green100\blue100;\red51\green51\blue51;
}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid4}
{\list\listtemplateid5\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid5}
{\list\listtemplateid6\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid6}
{\list\listtemplateid7\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid7}
{\list\listtemplateid8\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid8}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}{\listoverride\listid5\listoverridecount0\ls5}{\listoverride\listid6\listoverridecount0\ls6}{\listoverride\listid7\listoverridecount0\ls7}{\listoverride\listid8\listoverridecount0\ls8}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11380\viewh11540\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl520\sa80\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs66 \cf0 Chipotle Chuck Steak Burrito \

\fs40 \cf2 Yield:  \cf0 6 servings\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\ql\qnatural

\fs52 \cf0 INGREDIENTS\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0\fs48 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}Luardos Chipotle Chuck Steak:\
{\listtext	\'95	}Olive oil, for frying\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 medium yellow onion, thinly sliced\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 heaping teaspoon ground cumin\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 heaping teaspoon hot smoked paprika\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon or 1 cinnamon stick\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 pound chuck steak, cubed into 1-inch chunks\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup chipotles in adobo sauce\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons dried oregano\
{\listtext	\'95	}Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}1.8 ounces dark chocolate\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}Six 12-inch flour tortillas\
{\listtext	\'95	}Monterey Jack cheese, grated\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 cups long-grain rice, cooked until fluffy (not wet)\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 1/2 cups black beans\
{\listtext	\'95	}Fresh cilantro, roughly chopped, for sprinkling\
{\listtext	\'95	}Guacamole, recipe follows\
{\listtext	\'95	}Habanero Hot Sauce, recipe follows\
{\listtext	\'95	}Tomato Salsa, recipe follows\
{\listtext	\'95	}Iceberg lettuce, shredded, for serving\
{\listtext	\'95	}Sour cream, for serving\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls3\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}Guacamole:\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 Hass avocados\
{\listtext	\'95	}6 sprigs fresh cilantro, roughly chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}Juice of 1 lime\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 clove garlic, crushed\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 red onion, finely chopped\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls4\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1/2 tomato, finely chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 jalapeno pepper, finely chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}Olive oil, for drizzling\
{\listtext	\'95	}Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls5\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}Habanero Hot Sauce:\
{\listtext	\'95	}6 habanero chiles\
{\listtext	\'95	}Juice of 1/2 lime\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls6\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}Pinch caster sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}Olive oil, for drizzling\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls7\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}Tomato Salsa:\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 ripe tomatoes, finely diced\cf3 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls8\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 birds eye chile, optional\
{\listtext	\'95	}Juice of 1 lime\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 red onion, finely diced\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 Spanish onion, finely diced\
{\listtext	\'95	}Handful chopped fresh cilantro\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 pinches caster sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}Pinch sea salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}Drizzle olive oil\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\ql\qnatural

\b\fs52 \cf0 DIRECTIONS\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa160\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs48 \cf4 For the chipotle steak: Add some olive oil to a large saucepan and fry the onions slowly until soft. Add the cumin, paprika and cinnamon and fry for about 1 minute. Add 1 cup water, the steak, chipotles and oregano and sprinkle with salt and black pepper. Give the whole thing a good stir. \uc0\u8232 Bring the mixture to a boil and cook on a simmer for about 2 hours, checking that there's enough cooking liquid. Right at the end of cooking, stir in the dark chocolate. \u8232 For assembling: Toast the tortillas in a large frying pan until slightly brown but not crispy (they still need to be pliable for wrapping). Add some Monterey Jack cheese as they're toasting to get it melting. \u8232 One by one add the rice, beans, steak, cilantro, Guacamole, Habanero Hot Sauce, Tomato Salsa, lettuce and sour cream to each burrito, adding as much or as little as you prefer. Wrap up your burrito, and enjoy! \u8232 Scoop the avocado flesh into a bowl and roughly mash. Mix in the cilantro, lime juice, garlic, onions, tomatoes and jalapenos. Drizzle with olive oil and sprinkle with salt and black pepper.
\b\fs52 \cf0 \

\b0\fs48 \cf4 Combine the chiles, lime juice, sugar and a drizzle of olive oil in a blender or food processer and blend until completely smooth.
\b\fs52 \cf0 \

\b0\fs48 \cf4 Mix together the tomatoes, chile if using, lime juice, red onions, Spanish onions, cilantro, sugar, salt and oil in a bowl. Give it a taste and add a little more lime and sugar if required.\
}