{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red84\green84\blue84;\red51\green51\blue51;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid4}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12800\viewh18640\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl520\sa80\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs64 \cf0 Chipotle Chicken Enchiladas\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\fs38 \cf2 Yield:  \cf0 6 servings (2 enchiladas per person)
\fs40 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\ql\qnatural

\fs52 \cf0 INGREDIENTS\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0\fs48 \cf0 SAUCE:\
{\listtext	\'95	}Olive oil, for drizzling\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 vine-ripened tomatoes\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tomatillo, husk removed\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 small red bell pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 poblano chile pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 serrano chile peppers\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 jalapeno pepper\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}2 chipotle peppers in adobo, finely minced\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 cloves garlic\
{\listtext	\'95	}12 ounces low-sodium chicken broth\
{\listtext	\'95	}Sea salt and freshly ground pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 (16-ounce) sour cream, at room temperature\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup chopped fresh cilantro\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls3\ilvl0\cf0 ENCHILADAS:\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons olive oil, plus more for drizzling\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon smoked paprika\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon ground cumin\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon cayenne pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}Sea salt and freshly ground pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 (4-ounce) boneless, skinless chicken breasts\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls4\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 small yellow onion, diced (about 1 cup)\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 cloves garlic, chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup low-sodium chicken broth\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup adobo sauce (from a can of chipotle pepper in adobo)\
{\listtext	\'95	}12 corn tortillas\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 cups shredded Jack cheese\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\ql\qnatural

\b\fs52 \cf0 DIRECTIONS\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa160\ql\qnatural

\fs48 \cf3 For the sauce: 
\b0 \uc0\u8232 Get the grilling started since this can be a bit time consuming. Heat a grill to medium heat. \u8232 Grill the tomatoes, tomatillo, red bell pepper, poblano, serrano, and jalapeno peppers. Let cool in a resealable plastic bag or in a bowl covered with plastic wrap. The steam will also make peeling easy. Peel the tomatoes and tomatillo. Peel and seed the red bell, poblano, serrano, and jalapeno peppers. Set aside the jalapeno pepper for the enchilada filling. 
\b \uc0\u8232 \u8232 For the enchiladas: 
\b0 \uc0\u8232 Meanwhile, preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with foil and drizzle with olive oil. \u8232 In a small bowl, mix the smoked paprika, cumin, cayenne, salt, and pepper. Season the chicken breasts. Place on the baking sheet, reducing the oven heat to 350 degrees F and roast for 30 minutes, or until the juices run clear. Let cool slightly before shredding. \u8232 Cook the onion in cast iron pan on medium heat until caramelized, about 8 minutes, then lower to a simmer and add the garlic. Add the shredded chicken, 1 cup chicken broth, adobo sauce, and diced jalapeno. Simmer the mixture at least 30 minutes, allowing the flavors to marry. \u8232 Meanwhile, place the peeled and seeded red pepper, poblano pepper, serrano pepper, and peeled tomatoes and tomatillo in a blender. Add the chipotle pepper, garlic, chicken broth, salt and pepper and puree until smooth. Transfer the mixture to a saucepan, bring to a low boil then reduce to a simmer. Whisk in the sour cream and stir continuously until well blended. Add the chopped cilantro. \u8232 Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Heat the 2 tablespoons olive oil in a skillet. Lightly fry the corn tortillas to soften and crisp the edges. Place on a plate and fill with the chicken mixture and sprinkle with shredded cheese to your liking. Roll up the tortilla and place seam-side down in a 13 by 9-inch ovenproof dish. Repeat with the remaining tortillas. Top with any remaining cheese and bake 15 to 20 minutes or until the cheese starts to bubble. \u8232 Serve the enchiladas with as much sauce as desired. Buen provecho! 
\b \uc0\u8232 }