{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Cinnamon-Espresso Churros\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs32 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 16 to 18 churros\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs36 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}Cinnamon-Espresso {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sugar/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Sugar}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons ground {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cinnamon/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cinnamon}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon instant espresso powder\
{\listtext	\'95	}Churros\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/flour/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 all-purpose flour}}, plus extra for dusting\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup water\
{\listtext	\'95	}6 tablespoons {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/butter/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 unsalted butter}}, at room temperature\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 teaspoons instant {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/espresso/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 espresso}} powder\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon fine {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sea-salt/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 sea salt}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 large {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/eggs/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 eggs}}, at room temperature, beaten\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/canola-oil/index.html"}}{\fldrslt Canola oil}}\cf0 , for frying\
{\listtext	\'95	}Special equipment: a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/deep-fry/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 deep-frying}} thermometer, a pastry bag fitted with a large star tip (recommended: Ateco 9826)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 Cinnamon sugar: In a small bowl, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/whisk/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 whisk}} together the sugar, cinnamon and espresso powder. Set aside.\
Churros: Line a baking sheet with parchment paper and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/dust/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 dust}} liberally with flour. Set aside. In a heavy-bottomed saucepan or {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/dutch-oven/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Dutch oven}}, combine the water, butter, sugar, espresso powder, and salt over medium-high heat. Bring the mixture to a boil. Remove the pan from the heat and, using a wooden spoon, stir in the 1 cup of flour all at once. Return the pan to low heat and stir continuously until the mixture forms a thick {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/dough/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 dough}}, about 2 minutes. Transfer the dough to the bowl of a stand {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/mixer/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 mixer}} fitted with a paddle attachment. With the machine running on medium speed, slowly add the eggs. Continue to beat until the eggs are fully incorporated and the dough is thick, about 4 minutes. Transfer the dough to a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/pastry-bag/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 pastry bag}} fitted with a large star tip. Pipe the dough onto the prepared baking sheet in 4-inch long logs.\
In a large heavy-bottomed {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/saucepan/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 saucepan}}, pour enough oil to fill the pan about 1/3 of the way. Heat over medium heat until a deep-frying thermometer inserted in the oil reaches 350 degrees F. (If you dont have a thermometer a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cube/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cube}} of bread will brown in a couple of minutes.) Using a thin metal {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/spatula/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 spatula}}, transfer the dough, 4 pieces at a time, into the hot oil, and fry until dark-golden and crispy, about 3 minutes. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/drain/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Drain}} on paper towels and roll in the cinnamon-espresso sugar while still hot. Transfer to a serving platter and serve immediately.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Notes\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 The {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/churro/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 churro}} dough can also be piped into 4-inch long pieces directly into the hot oil.\
}