{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red51\green51\blue51;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl520\sa80\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs64 \cf0 Classic Tortilla Soup I\

\fs38 Serves 6 (about 10 cups)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\ql\qnatural

\fs52 \cf0 INGREDIENTS\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0\fs48 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 large dried pasilla (negro) chile, toasted, stemmed and seeded\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 (15-ounce) can diced tomatoes in juice (preferably fire-roasted)\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons vegetable or olive oil\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 medium white onion, sliced 1/4-inch thick\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 cloves garlic, peeled\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 quarts chicken broth\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 large epazote (or Mexican tea) sprig, optional*\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}4 (5-ounce) boneless, skinless chicken breasts, cut into 1/2-inch cubes (about 1 1/4 pounds total)\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 large ripe avocado, seeded, peeled and cut into 1/4-inch cubes\
{\listtext	\'95	}6 ounces shredded Mexican melting cheese, (like Chihuahua, quesadilla or asadero) or Monterey Jack, brick or mild Cheddar cheese (about 1 1/2 cups)\
{\listtext	\'95	}6 ounces tortilla chips, coarsely chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 large lime, cut into 6 wedges\
{\listtext	\'95	}*Can be found at Mexican specialty markets.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\ql\qnatural

\b\fs52 \cf0 DIRECTIONS\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa160\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs48 \cf2 To toast the chile: Place the chile 1- to 2-inches above an open flame for a few seconds, or until fragrant, turning frequently or place the chile in a dry pan over medium heat, pressing the chile flat and turning once. Break the toasted chile into pieces and put in a blender along with the tomatoes with their juice. \uc0\u8232 Cook's Note: A food processor will work, though it won't completely puree the chile. \u8232 To make the soup: In a medium saucepan (about 3- to 4-quart) over medium-high heat, add oil and heat 1 minute. Add the onion and garlic and cook, stirring frequently, until golden, about 7 minutes. Using a slotted spoon, remove the onion and garlic pressing the mixture against the side of the pan to leave behind as much oil as possible, and transfer onion-garlic mixture to the blender. Blend until smooth. \u8232 Increase the heat under the saucepan to medium-high for 1 minute. Add the onion puree and stir constantly, until thickened to the consistency of tomato paste, about 6 minutes. Add the chicken broth and epazote sprig. Reduce the heat to medium-low and simmer 15 minutes. Taste and season the soup with salt, usually about a generous teaspoon (depending on the saltiness of the broth). \u8232 Just before serving, add the chicken to the simmering broth. Divide the avocado, cheese and tortilla chips among 6 serving bowls. When the chicken is cooked through, about 5 minutes, ladle the soup into the bowls.\
}