{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red102\green102\blue102;\red0\green76\blue147;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12880\viewh16740\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\ql\qnatural

\f0\i\b\fs58 \cf2 Guacamole with Bacon and Blue Cheese\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa440\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs44 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf2 INGREDIENTS\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl440\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs44 \cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}3 avocados\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 strips hickory-smoked bacon, crumbled\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup blue cheese or gorgonzola cheese, crumbled and room temperature\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 red onion, finely chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 roma tomato, finely chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 jalapeno pepper, finely chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon minced garlic\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 fresh lime or 1/2 package of {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.amazon.com/True-Lemon-Orange-Assorted-Packets/dp/B001F3A1AA%3FSubscriptionId%3D02TB8QJJP1SE5D9FW102%26tag%3Dwebwat05d-20%26linkCode%3Dxm2%26camp%3D2025%26creative%3D165953%26creativeASIN%3DB001F3A1AA"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 True Lime}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons fresh cilantro, finely chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}Tabasco brand hot sauce, garlic flavor (to taste)\
{\listtext	\'95	}cumin powder, to taste\
{\listtext	\'95	}chipolte chili powder, to taste\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl440\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf3 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.spiceplace.com/durkee_six_pepper_blend.php"}}{\fldrslt \ul Durkee Six Pepper Blend}}\cf2 , to taste\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf2 INSTRUCTIONS\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl440\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs44 \cf2 {\listtext	1.	}Combine onion, tomato, jalapeno, cilantro, and garlic in a bowl. Mix well, cover, and sit in refrigerator for at least 60 minutes.\
{\listtext	2.	}Chop 1 avocado into small chunks. Add to bowl with other ingredients\
{\listtext	3.	}Mush remaining 2 avocados and add to bowl. Fold into mixture.\
{\listtext	4.	}Add blue cheese and bacon crumbles. Fold again \'97 try not to stir the guacamole up too much, as you want to maintain the firmness of the avocados as much as possible.\
{\listtext	5.	}Add Tabasco, chipolte powder, cumin powder, and Six Pepper Blend to taste. Fold in as necessary\
{\listtext	6.	}Squeeze 1/2 lime or add True Lime over mixture. Fold in again.(Why use one over the other? Some people think that the lime juice makes the guac a little more soupy, while the True Lime keeps the guac a bit drier. Your mileage may vary, but we\'92ve never had a problem with our guac being too watery from lime juice.}