{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red235\green235\blue235;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14340\viewh17140\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Huevos Rancheros with Queso Fresco\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl300\sa100\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0\fs38 \cf0 Yield: 4 servings \
\
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs40 \cb2 Ingredients
\b0\fs38 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl360\sa180\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 \cb1 	
\fs48 	1 (10-ounce) can diced tomatoes and green chiles, undrained\
		1 (10-ounce) can red enchilada sauce\
		1/3 cup chopped fresh cilantro\
		1 tablespoon fresh lime juice\
		2 tablespoons water\
		1 (16-ounce) can pinto beans, rinsed and drained\
		Cooking spray\
		4 large eggs\
		4 (8-inch) fat-free flour tortillas\
		1 cup (4 ounces) crumbled queso fresco cheese\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b\fs50 \cf0 \cb2 Preparation
\b0\fs46 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \cb1 Combine the tomatoes and enchilada sauce in a medium saucepan; bring to a boil. Reduce heat; simmer 5 minutes or until slightly thick. Remove from heat; stir in cilantro and juice. Set aside.\
Place water and beans in a microwave-safe bowl, and partially mash with a fork. Cover and microwave at HIGH 2 minutes or until hot.\
Heat a large nonstick skillet coated with cooking spray over medium-high heat. Add eggs; cook 1 minute on each side or until desired degree of doneness.\
Warm tortillas according to package directions. Spread about 1/3 cup beans over each tortilla; top each tortilla with 1 egg. Spoon 1/2 cup sauce around each egg; sprinkle each serving with 1/4 cup cheese.}