{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs54 \cf0 Huevos Rancheros I
\f1\b0\fs34 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\b \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 8 egg cups, or 4 servings of 2 each\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs38 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs46 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}8 (5-inch) {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/tortilla/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 flour tortillas}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 tablespoons butter, melted\
{\listtext	\'95	}Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup prepared chunky {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cilantro/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cilantro}} {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/salsa/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 salsa}}, divided\
{\listtext	\'95	}3/4 cup cooked black beans\
{\listtext	\'95	}8 eggs\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup shredded pepper {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/jack-cheese/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 jack cheese}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup sour cream\
{\listtext	\'95	}Special Equipment: 12-cup muffin tin\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs46 \cf0 Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.\
Cut off the outer edge of each tortilla and remove so that the tortillas fit snugly into the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/muffin-tin/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 muffin tin}} cups. Brush both sides of the tortillas lightly with the melted {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/butter/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 butter}} and sprinkle with salt. Press the tortillas into the muffin tin, creating little tortilla cups.\
In a small bowl, mix half the salsa with the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/black-bean/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 black beans}} and season with salt and pepper. Spoon a heaping tablespoon of the black bean mixture into each tortilla cup. Crack an egg into each of the eight cups. Bake until barely set, about 8 minutes. Top with cheese, cover with aluminum foil, and then bake for 6 to 7 minutes more. To serve, spoon the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sour-cream/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 sour cream}} and remaining salsa on top of the eggs.}