{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f2\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13780\viewh14020\viewkind0
\deftab1134
\pard\pardeftab1134\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs50 \cf0 Huevos Rancheros \
\pard\pardeftab1134\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs26 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 2 to 4 servings
\b \cf2 \

\b0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab1134\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs42 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab1134\li720\fi-720\ri-612\sl400\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0 \cf0 1 (15-ounce) can whole peeled tomatoes\cf2 , undrained
\f2\fs30 \cf0 \

\f1\fs42 \'bc cup diced yellow onion\
\'bc   cup cilantro\cf2  leaves, plus more for garnish
\f2\fs30 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab1134\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs42 \cf0 1 large clove \cf2 garlic
\f2\fs30 \cf0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab1134\li720\fi-720\ri-612\sl400\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs42 \cf0 1 jalapeno pepper (seeded if desired)\
\pard\pardeftab1134\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \'bd  teaspoon salt
\f2\fs30 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab1134\li720\fi-720\ri-612\sl400\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs42 \cf0 5 ounces chorizo\cf2 , casings removed, diced
\f2\fs30 \cf0 \

\f1\fs42 Vegetable oil\
4 (6-inch) corn tortillas\cf2 , plus more for serving, optional
\f2\fs30 \cf0 \

\f1\fs42 1 (16-ounce) can refried beans, optional\
\pard\pardeftab1134\ql\qnatural
\cf0 4 eggs
\f2\fs30 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab1134\li720\fi-720\ri-612\sl400\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs42 \cf0 1 avocado\cf2 , pitted, peeled and diced, for garnish
\f2\fs30 \cf0 \

\f1\fs42 1/3  cup (3 ounces) crumbled queso fresco or grated Monterey Jack, for serving\
Sour cream\cf2 , for serving
\f2\fs30 \cf0 \

\f1\fs42 \
\pard\pardeftab1134\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab1134\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0 \cf0 In a food processor\cf2 , combine the tomatoes (with juices), onion, cilantro, garlic, jalapeno, and 1/2 teaspoon salt; puree until smooth. Transfer mixture to a small skillet and simmer over medium heat until slightly thickened, about 10 minutes. Cover and keep warm over low heat.
\f2\fs30 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab1134\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs42 \cf0 In a large skillet over medium-high heat, cook the chorizo until browned. Add to the sauce \cf2 and cover again.
\f2\fs30 \cf0 \

\f1\fs42 Add 1 tablespoon vegetable oil to the fat in the large skillet. Place a tortilla in the skillet and cook until light golden but not crisp\cf2 , about 30 seconds. Flip and cook for 30 seconds more. \cf0 \
Transfer to an individual plate. Cook the remaining tortillas, adding a bit more oil to the pan, if necessary.
\f2\fs30 \
\pard\pardeftab1134\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs42 \cf0 Heat the refried beans\cf2 (if using) in a large skillet. Spread the beans on the tortillas.
\f2\fs30 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab1134\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs42 \cf0 Add another tablespoon of oil to the skillet. Working in batches, crack the eggs into the pan. Cook until the bottoms are set and the edges golden, 1 to 2 minutes. Turn the heat to medium-low, cover, and cook until set, about 1 minute more. Place one egg on each tortilla and spoon the warm sauce over the eggs. Sprinkle with the avocado, cheese\cf2 , and additional cilantro. Top with a dollop \cf0 of sour cream.
\f2\fs30 \
\pard\pardeftab1134\ql\qnatural

\fs42 \cf0 \
}