{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12420\viewh17740\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl500\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs46 \cf0 Mexican Meatloaf
\f1\b0\fs26 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260\ql\qnatural

\b \cf2 Serves: 
\b0 \cf0 6 to 8 servings\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs42 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Meatloaf:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl420\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs40 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons olive oil\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup finely chopped onion\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 medium {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/carrot/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 carrot}}, finely chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 rib finely chopped celery\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 garlic {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/clove/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 clove}}, minced\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 pound ground beef\
{\listtext	\'95	}6 ounces soft Mexican {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/chorizo/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 chorizo}}, removed from {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/casing/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 casing}} and crumbled\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 poblano chile, roasted, peeled, and diced\
{\listtext	\'95	}3/4 teaspoon salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 teaspoon {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cayenne-pepper/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cayenne pepper}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon ground cumin\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 eggs, well beaten\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup ketchup\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sour-cream/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 sour cream}} or Mexican sour cream\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup dried bread crumbs\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs42 \cf0 Salsa-{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/glaze/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Glaze}}:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl420\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs40 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}2 medium tomatoes, cored\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 medium white {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/onion/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 onion}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 garlic cloves, unpeeled\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 to 3 serrano chiles\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup brown sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 canned {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/chipotle-chile/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 chipotle chile}} in adobo sauce, minced\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon yellow mustard\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl420\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/salt/index.html"}}{\fldrslt Kosher salt}}\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs42 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs40 \cf0 Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.\
In a heavy skillet, add the oil and heat over medium-high heat. Add the onion, carrot, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/celery/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 celery}}, and garlic. Cook, stirring often until vegetables are soft, about 8 minutes. Set aside until cool enough to handle.\
In a large bowl combine the sauteed vegetables, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/ground-beef/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 ground beef}}, chorizo, and diced {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/poblano-chile/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 poblano chile}}.\
In a medium bowl, combine the salt, pepper, cayenne, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cumin/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cumin}}, and eggs. Add the ketchup and sour cream. Mix well with a fork and pour it on top of the mixed meats. Sprinkle with bread crumbs and mix thoroughly with clean hands.\
\
Put the mixture into a 9 by 13-inch loaf-pan. Bake until an instant-read thermometer inserted into the center of the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/meatloaf/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 meatloaf}} registers 160 degrees F, about 40 to 45 minutes. Remove from the oven and carefully pour off any accumulated pan juices.\
Meanwhile, heat a heavy skillet over high heat. Add the whole {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/tomato/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 tomatoes}}, onion, garlic cloves, and serrano chiles. Cook, turning frequently, until lightly charred on all sides. Peel the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/garlic/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 garlic}} cloves. Add all the charred ingredients to a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/blender/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 blender}}. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/pulse/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Pulse}} until chunky, then pour into a small skillet. Stir in the sugar, chipotle chile and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/mustard/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 mustard}}. Bring the mixture to a boil over medium heat. Cook until slightly thickened, about 4 to 5 minutes. Season with salt, to taste.\
Slice the meatloaf and arrange on a platter. Spoon the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/salsa/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 salsa}}-glaze over the meatloaf and serve.}