{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red84\green84\blue84;\red51\green51\blue51;\red0\green101\blue159;
}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl520\sa80\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs66 \cf0 Mole Sauce II
\fs44 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\fs40 \cf2 Yield:  \cf0 4 servings\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\fs44 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\ql\qnatural

\fs52 \cf0 INGREDIENTS\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0\fs48 \cf0 MOLE:\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup slivered raw almonds\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons canola oil\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 cloves garlic, coarsely chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 small Spanish onion, coarsely chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup pureed plum tomatoes\
{\listtext	\'95	}Scant 1/2 cup pureed chipotle in adobo\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons ancho chile powder\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon New Mexico chile powder\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon ground chile de arbol\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon ground cinnamon\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon ground allspice\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon ground cloves\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup chopped fresh mango\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup golden raisins\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup crushed blue corn tortilla chips\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 tablespoons molasses\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon honey\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon pure maple syrup\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 cups chicken stock, warmed\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 ounce semisweet or bittersweet chocolate, finely chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa280\ql\qnatural

\b\fs54 \cf3 DIRECTIONS\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs48 \cf3 Put the almonds in a medium {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/saucepan/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 saucepan}} over medium heat and cook until lightly golden brown, stirring occasionally, about 5 minutes. Remove the almonds to a plate. Increase the heat to high, add the oil to the saucepan and heat until it begins to shimmer. Add the garlic and onions and cook until soft, about 4 minutes. Stir in the tomatoes, chipotle puree, the chile powders, cinnamon, allspice and cloves. Bring to a boil and cook for 10 minutes. Next, add the mangoes, raisins, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/tortilla/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 corn tortillas}}, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/molasses/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 molasses}}, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/honey/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 honey}}, maple syrup and almonds. Pour in the warmed chicken stock and cook, stirring occasionally, until the mangoes are soft and the mixture is reduced by half, about 50 minutes.\
Carefully transfer the mixture to a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/bl731er/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 blender}} and blend until smooth. Return the mixture to the pan over high heat. Add the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/chocolate/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 chocolate}} and cook until reduced to a sauce consistency, about 10 minutes. Season with salt and pepper.\cf0 \
}