{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Tahoma;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red51\green51\blue51;\red85\green85\blue85;\red245\green245\blue245;
}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{circle\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15800\viewh15000\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa120\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs56 \cf2 Mole (Mo-lay) Sauce
\b0\fs52 \

\fs38 Yield:  3 cups
\fs52 \

\fs50 Ingredients \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sl340\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl1
\f1\fs42 \cf2 {\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}4 \'bd cups chicken broth 
\b\fs36 \
\ls1\ilvl1
\b0\fs42 {\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}3 tablespoons olive oil 
\b\fs36 \
\ls1\ilvl1
\b0\fs42 {\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}1 cup finely chopped onions 
\b\fs36 \
\ls1\ilvl1
\b0\fs42 {\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}3 tablespoons chopped garlic 
\b\fs36 \
\ls1\ilvl1
\b0\fs42 {\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}1 teaspoon dried oregano 
\b\fs36 \
\ls1\ilvl1
\b0\fs42 {\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}1 teaspoon ground cumin 
\b\fs36 \
\ls1\ilvl1
\b0\fs42 {\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}\'bc teaspoon ground cinnamon 
\b\fs36 \
\ls1\ilvl1
\b0\fs42 {\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}2 \'bd tablespoons chili powder 
\b\fs36 \
\ls1\ilvl1
\b0\fs42 {\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}3 tablespoons all-purpose flour 
\b\fs36 \
\ls1\ilvl1
\b0\fs42 {\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}2 ounces dark chocolate, chopped ( recommend: Hershey Special Dark) 
\b\fs36 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa120\ql\qnatural

\f0\b0\fs50 \cf2 Directions
\f2\b \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl340\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf2 		Heat oil in a large saucepan over medium low heat.
\b\fs44 \
\ls2\ilvl0
\b0\fs42 		Add onion, garlic, oregano, cumin and cinnamon.
\b\fs44 \
\ls2\ilvl0
\b0\fs42 		Cover and cook until onion is almost tender, stirring occasionally, about 10 minutes.
\b\fs44 \
\ls2\ilvl0
\b0\fs42 		Mix in chili powder and flour, stir for 3 minutes.
\b\fs44 \
\ls2\ilvl0
\b0\fs42 		Gradually whisk in chicken broth.
\b\fs44 \
\ls2\ilvl0
\b0\fs42 		Increase heat to medium high.
\b\fs44 \
\ls2\ilvl0
\b0\fs42 		Boil until reduced, about 35 minutes, stirring occasionally.
\b\fs44 \
\ls2\ilvl0
\b0\fs42 		Remove from heat.
\b\fs44 \
\ls2\ilvl0
\b0\fs42 		Whisk in chocolate; season with salt and pepper, if desired.\
\pard\tx560\pardeftab720\sl340\ql\qnatural
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa420\ql\qnatural

\f3\fs44 \cf3 \cb4 To make 
\b Chicken with Mole Sauce
\b0 :\
Brown poultry pieces quite well in a large casserole in vegetable oil. Once nice and brown, remove the chicken pieces from the pan and saute one chopped onion in the casserole and cook until translucent. Deglaze the casserole with some wine or stock, and scrape in any browned bits from the bottom with a flat wooden spatula.\
Add the chicken back to the casserole along with a cinnamon stick or two, and add enough chicken stock, water, or white wine to cover chicken pieces. Cover the casserole, and gently simmer chicken until tender throughout.\
Once cooked, remove chicken pieces from the liquid and arrange them in a shallow baking dish. Smear chicken pieces generously with mole and bake in a moderate oven, turning once or twice during baking, for about 30 minutes.\uc0\u8232 Serve with a sprinkling of toasted sesame seeds.\
\pard\tx560\pardeftab720\sl340\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs62 \cf2 \cb1 \
}