{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red84\green84\blue84;\red51\green51\blue51;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16240\viewh15700\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl520\sa80\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs54 \cf0 Pomegranate Glazed Skirt Steak Fajitas\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\fs28 \cf2 Yield:  \cf0 4 to 6 servings\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\fs26 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\ql\qnatural

\fs48 \cf0 INGREDIENTS\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0\fs44 \cf0 Spice Rub:\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 cloves garlic, grated\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons chile powder\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon kosher salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon brown sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon ground cumin\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 pounds skirt steak, cut into pieces that will fit on your grill\
Pomegranate Glaze:\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup pomegranate juice\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup brown sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 tablespoons balsamic vinegar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon mustard\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon cornstarch\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon kosher salt\
Vegetables:\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 large Spanish onion, sliced root to tip\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 red bell pepper, seeded and sliced\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 yellow bell pepper, seeded and sliced\
Serving Suggestions:\
{\listtext	\'95	}8 (6-inch) flour tortillas, warmed (recommended: Trader Joe's)\
{\listtext	\'95	}Fresh salsa\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 avocado, sliced\
{\listtext	\'95	}Grated Monterey Jack or cotija cheese\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\ql\qnatural

\b\fs48 \cf0 DIRECTIONS\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa160\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs44 \cf3 For the rub: In a small bowl, add the garlic, chile powder, salt, brown sugar and cumin. \uc0\u8232 \u8232 Rub the spice mixture over the entire skirt steak and let sit for 25 to 30 minutes in a dish or a re-sealable bag. \u8232 \u8232 For the glaze: Meanwhile, whisk the pomegranate glaze ingredients together in a small saucepan. Bring to a boil over medium heat and simmer until thickened, about 1 minute. Remove from the heat and set aside. \u8232 For the steak and vegetables: Preheat a grill pan over high heat. Place the steak, onion and peppers on grill, if it all fits. If not, cook the steak first and then as the steak rests char up the vegetables. Cook the steak for 3 to 4 minutes per side for medium-rare. Let rest for 5 minutes before slicing against the grain. You want the vegetables to get softened and charred, so they can stay on the grill as the steak rests, about 10 minutes total. \u8232 Serve the sliced steak, onions and peppers on the side of warmed tortillas, fresh salsa, sliced avocado, cheese and the pomegranate glaze.\
}