{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid4}
{\list\listtemplateid5\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid5}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}{\listoverride\listid5\listoverridecount0\ls5}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww19500\viewh19980\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs66 \cf0 Ranch Style Eggs with Chorizo and Tomato-Red Chile Sauce\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs46 \cf2 Serves: 
\b   
\b0 \cf0 4 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs58 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Tomato-Red Chile Sauce:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs56 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons olive oil\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 small red {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/onion/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 onion}}, finely chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 cloves garlic, finely chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup dry red wine\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 1/2 cups canned {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/plum/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 plum}} tomatoes and their juices, pureed until smooth and strained\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup water\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/ancho-chile/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 ancho chile}} powder\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons chipotle in {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/adobo/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 adobo}} puree\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/pasilla-chile/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 pasilla chile}} powder\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons honey\
{\listtext	\'95	}Salt and freshly ground black pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon fresh lime juice\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs58 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs56 \cf0 Heat the oil in a medium {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/saucepan/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 saucepan}} over high heat. Add the onions and cook until soft. Add the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/garlic/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 garlic}} and cook for 1 minute. Add the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/wine/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 wine}} and cook until reduced by half.\
Add the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/tomato/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 tomatoes}}, water, ancho, chipotle, pasilla, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/honey/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 honey}} and cook over medium-high heat until the sauce has thickened, stirring occasionally, about 20 to 30 minutes. Season with salt and pepper and stir in the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/lime/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 lime}} juice just before removing from the heat.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs58 \cf0 Tortillas:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs56 \cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/canola-oil/index.html"}}{\fldrslt Canola oil}}\cf0 \
{\listtext	\'95	}4 (6-inch) yellow or white {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/tortilla/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 corn tortillas}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}Salt\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Heat 2 inches of oil in a medium skillet over medium heat until it reaches 350 degrees F on a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/deep-fry/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 deep-fry}} thermometer.\
Fry tortillas, one at a time, until {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/crisp/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 crisp}}, 20 to 30 seconds. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/drain/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Drain}} on paper towels and season immediately with salt.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs58 \cf0 Eggs:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls3\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs56 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1/2 pound Spanish-style chorizo, diced\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into tablespoons\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 large {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/eggs/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 eggs}}.\
{\listtext	\'95	}Salt and freshly ground black pepper\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Heat a large nonstick skillet over high heat. Add the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/chorizo/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 chorizo}} and cook until golden brown. Remove with a slotted spoon to a plate lined with paper towels and let cool slightly. Remove all but 1 tablespoon of the rendered fat.\
Add the butter to the pan; when the butter melts, turn the heat to down to medium.\
Carefully crack the eggs into the pan, season with salt and pepper, and cook, until the whites are completely firm but the yolks are still soft, about 2 minutes.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs58 \cf0 Assembly:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls4\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs56 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/crema/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 crema}}\cf2  (recipe below)\cf0 \
{\listtext	\'95	}Finely grated zest of 1 lime\
{\listtext	\'95	}Tomato-Red Chile Sauce\
{\listtext	\'95	}Fried Tortillas\
{\listtext	\'95	}Fried eggs\
{\listtext	\'95	}3/4 cup coarsely grated white {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cheddar/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cheddar}} cheese\
{\listtext	\'95	}Chorizo\
{\listtext	\'95	}Chopped cilantro\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Combine the crema and lime {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/zest/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 zest}} in a small bowl. Place a few spoonfuls of the red chile sauce on four plates. Place a fried tortilla on top of the sauce. Divide the eggs over the tortillas and ladle the warm tomato-red chile sauce over. Sprinkle each with about 3 tablespoons of the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cheese/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cheese}} and some of the lime crema and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/garnish/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 garnish}} with the crisp chorizo and chopped {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cilantro/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cilantro}}. Serve immediately.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs68 \cf0 Crema
\fs72 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs52 \cf2 Makes:
\b   
\b0 \cf0 approximately 1 cup\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs58 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls5\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs56 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 cup heavy cream\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon buttermilk\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/chipotle-chile/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 chipotle chile}} in adobo sauce\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 teaspoon {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/salt/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 kosher salt}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs58 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs56 \cf0 Put the heavy cream in a 16-ounce microwave-safe glass jar. Microwave on high until the cream is just under 100 degrees F, about 30 to 40 seconds. Add the buttermilk, close the jar, and store in a warm place for 24 hours. The cream will have thickened to the consistency of thin yogurt.\
Add the chipotle chile and salt and process with an {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/immersion-blender/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 immersion blender}}, in the jar, until smooth, approximately 20 seconds. Refrigerate until ready to use.\
\
}