{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red62\green62\blue62;\red51\green51\blue51;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid4}
{\list\listtemplateid5\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid5}
{\list\listtemplateid6\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid6}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}{\listoverride\listid5\listoverridecount0\ls5}{\listoverride\listid6\listoverridecount0\ls6}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww18940\viewh15620\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl520\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs62 \cf2 Homemade Savory Sopes
\f1\b0\fs44 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural

\f2\fs48 \cf3 Ingredients:
\b \cf3 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl360\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0 \cf3 {\listtext	\'95	}3 cups masa harina\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 cups warm water\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}Oil for frying\
{\listtext	\'95	}*Toppings (see below for ideas)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural
\cf3 Preparation:
\b \cf3 \

\b0 \cf3 Mix together masa, 2 cups of water and salt until a soft dough forms. Add in additional water by the tablespoonful if dough seems too dry. Knead on a lightly floured surface until all ingredients are well combined and dough is softened, about 5 minutes.\
Make small balls out of the dough. 1-inch for small (think large marble,) 2-inch for regular size (think walnut,) 3-inch for large sopes (think golf ball.)\
Press each ball by hand to about 1/2 inch thick. Or sandwich a ball between two pieces of parchment paper and press with a plate. Or you can roll the dough out to 1/2 inch thick and cut out with cookie or biscuit cutters.\
Find a glass, or an object with a smaller diameter than the dough patties. The idea is to press the object into the sopes dough to flatten the center more while creating a raised edge. Do this through the parchment paper to prevent sticking.\
Fry in a 1/4 inch of hot oil on both sides until lighlty golden brown and cooked through.\
Top and serve immediately. \
\

\f1\fs44 \cf0 \

\f2\fs48 \cf3 These are recipes for topping sopes. 
\f1\fs50 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa360\ql\qnatural

\f2\b\fs48 \cf3 Carnitas
\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl360\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf3 {\listtext	\'95	}2 lbs carnitas\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 onions sliced and sauteed\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 cloves of garlic cooked with onions\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup chopped cilantro\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural
\cf3 Top each sope with a light layer of sauteed onions. Heap on some carnitas and top with a sprinkle of cilantro.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa360\ql\qnatural

\b \cf3 Shredded Beef
\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl360\ql\qnatural
\ls3\ilvl0\cf3 {\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 pounds beef\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup red chile sauce\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 onions, coarsely chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup tomato sauce\
{\listtext	\'95	}6 cups water\
{\listtext	\'95	}cotija cheese\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural
\cf3 Simmer beef in the water for about 4 hours. Remove from water and let cool. Shred with 2 forks or pull apart with fingers. Mix in remaining ingredients and simmer for 45 minutes. Top sopes with beef mixture and a teaspoon of crumbled cotija cheese.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa360\ql\qnatural

\b \cf3 Veggies
\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl360\ql\qnatural
\ls4\ilvl0\cf3 {\listtext	\'95	}1 whole onion, peeled and chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 carrots, peeled and chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 large potatoes, peeled and chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}5 cloves garlic, peeled and chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 yellow zucchini, chopped into 1/2 inch cubes\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 green zucchini, chopped into 1/2 inch cubes\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon finely diced, seeded jalapeno\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 teaspoons cumin\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons oregano\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}8 cups vegetable broth\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon oil\
{\listtext	\'95	}parsley for garnish\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural
\cf3 In a large pot, add broth carrots and potatos and bring to a boil. Reduce heat and bring to a simmer for 45 minutes. Add in onion and simmer for an additional 15 minutes. In a meddium saucepan, saute zucchini, garlic, jalapeno and seasonings in hot oil for 8-10 minutes. Srain carrots, potatoes and onion from broth and drain on paper towels. Top each sope with stewed veggies and then a layer of sauteed veggies. Add a sprig of parsley for decoration.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa360\ql\qnatural

\b \cf3 Bean and cheese
\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl360\ql\qnatural
\ls5\ilvl0\cf3 {\listtext	\'95	}4 cups warmed refried beans\
{\listtext	\'95	}16 oz. shredded jack cheese\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 oz. cotija cheese. crumbled\
{\listtext	\'95	}6 green onions, chopped\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural
\cf3 Top each sope with 1-2 tablespoons of shredded jack, even around the edges. Heat sopes under broiler until cheese begins to bubble and brown. Top each one with beans, cotija and green onion.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa360\ql\qnatural

\b \cf3 Seafood
\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl360\ql\qnatural
\ls6\ilvl0\cf3 {\listtext	\'95	}3 lbs cooked shrimp, skin removed and coarsely chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 cucumbers peeled and coarsely chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup oil\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup chopped cilantro\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 tomatoes, seeded and diced\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons lime juice\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup chopped white onion\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural
\cf3 Toss all ingredients and top sopes. Serve immediately since liquids in topping may make the sopes soggy.\
\

\b\fs50 OR 
\b0\fs40 (with store bought corn tortillas)
\fs50 \

\fs42 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa300\ql\qnatural

\f1\b\fs58 \cf0 Mexican Sopes (Layered Open Tortilla Sandwiches)
\b0\fs44 \

\fs34 Makes 2 servings\

\fs50 2 teaspoon canola oil\
1/2 cup diced red onion\
4 (6-inch) corn tortillas\
1/2 cup black bean dip\
1 cup ready-to-eat, shredded lettuce\
1/4 cup shredded reduced-fat Monterey Jack cheese\
3/4 pound roasted or rotisserie chicken breast, skin and bones removed\
1 cup tomato salsa\

\b 1.
\b0  Heat oil in a large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat. Saute the diced onion until it starts to shrivel, about 2 minutes. Remove to a bowl.\

\b 2.
\b0  Return the skillet to the burner over medium heat. Add the tortillas and warm for half a minute. Turn them over and spread with the black bean dip. Sprinkle each with onion, then layer with lettuce, cheese and chicken. Remove to dinner plates. Spoon salsa on top or serve on the side. \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural

\f2\fs48 \cf3 \
\
\

\fs42 \
\
\
\
\
}