{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Light;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red51\green51\blue51;\red18\green18\blue18;\red110\green195\blue47;
\red12\green72\blue132;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15660\viewh21360\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl760\ql\qnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.epicurious.com/recipes/food/views/Skirt-Steak-Fajitas-240848"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\b\fs96 \cf2 Skirt Steak Fajitas}}
\fs30 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl600\ql\qnatural

\fs48 \cf0 Serves:  8
\fs30 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl600\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs48 \cf0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl600\sa200\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f2\fs60 \cf3 {\listtext	\'95	}2 skirt steaks (about 1 1/2 pounds each)\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup fresh lime juice (about 4 limes)\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup chopped fresh cilantro\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 teaspoons minced jalape\'f1o pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 teaspoons finely minced garlic\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons olive oil\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon ground cumin\
{\listtext	\'95	}Salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste
\f0\fs80 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl600\sa280\ql\qnatural

\f2\fs60 \cf3 1. Cut the steak crosswise into 2 to 4 pieces and place in a bowl. In a separate bowl, combine the remaining ingredients; pour over the steak, turning it to coat well. Marinate overnight, covered, in the refrigerator, turning once or twice. Remove from the refrigerator 30 minutes before cooking.\
2. Preheat the broiler. Remove the steak from the marinade, scrape off any bits and place on a baking sheet. Broil 4 inches from heat source for 3 minutes per side for medium-rare meat. Let rest 10 to 15 minutes. Slice the meat thinly. (For easy eating, the steak strips should be 1/4- to 1/2-inch thick.) To assemble fajitas, see below.
\f3\fs94 \cf4 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl380\sa240\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b\fs66 \cf5 {\listtext	
\fs60 \'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.epicurious.com/recipes/food/views/240848"}}{\fldrslt 
\b0 Skirt Steak Fajita strips}}
\b0 \cf4  \cf2 (recipe above)\cf4 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl380\sa240\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}2 to 4 cups diced tomatoes \cf4 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}2 or 3 large onions, thinly slivered\cf4 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}4 limes, quartered\cf4 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup chopped flat-leaf parsley or cilantro, for garnish\cf4 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}Flour tortillas, warmed\cf4 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}2 to 4 cups guacamole\cf4 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}2 to 3 cups sour cream\cf4 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}2 to 3 cups grated Monterey Jack  \
{\listtext	\'95	}Salsa
\f3\fs88 \cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa200\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs60 \cf2 1. Arrange the steak, tomatoes, onions and limes decoratively on the platter. \
2. Place tortillas in a napkin-lined basket. Put the other toppings in bowls.\
3. To serve yourself, fill a tortilla with steak; add toppings to taste. \
}