{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16220\viewh20760\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl500\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs46 \cf0 Steak Quesadillas with Roasted Tomatillo and Apple Salsa\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs26 \cf2 Serves: 
\b0 \cf0 4 servings\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs32 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\ql\qnatural

\fs40 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl420\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs38 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 (1-pound) skirt steak\
{\listtext	\'95	}Salt and freshly ground black pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 tablespoons vegetable oil\
{\listtext	\'95	}8 (8-inch) flour tortillas\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 cups shredded mozzarella cheese, divided\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 cups Roasted Tomatillo and Apple Salsa, recipe follows\
{\listtext	\'95	}Eva's Chunky Guacamole, recipe follows\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs40 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs38 \cf0 Place the steak in a glass dish. Sprinkle the steak on both sides with salt and pepper. Let stand at least 15 minutes and up to 1 hour to tenderize, turning the steak occasionally.\
\
Heat the oil in a large, heavy skillet over high heat. Add the steak and saute to desired doneness, about 3 minutes per side for rare. Transfer the steak to a cutting board. Let rest 5 minutes. Slice thinly against the grain.\
\
Place 4 tortillas in the skillet with the pan juices and heat over medium-high heat. Place 1/2 cup cheese on top of the tortillas and top with 4 ounces sliced meat. Place the remaining 4 tortillas on the top. Cook until the cheese start to melt, about 2 minutes. Flip and cook until golden and the cheese is melted, another 2 minutes on the other side.\
\
Remove the quesadillas from the skillet. Peel open the quesadilla and spoon about 1/2 cup Roasted Tomatillo and Apple Salsa on top. Close the quesadilla and slice into quarters. Serve with Eva's Chunky Guacamole.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs40 \cf0 Roasted Tomatillo and Apple Salsa:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl420\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs38 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 pound tomatillos, husked and rinsed\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 green apples, such as Granny Smith, quartered\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 whole cloves garlic, unpeeled\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 white onion\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 jalapeno chile, stemmed\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons olive oil\
{\listtext	\'95	}Salt and freshly ground black pepper\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.\
\
Place the tomatillos, apples, garlic, onion and jalapenos on a baking sheet. Toss with the olive oil, 2 teaspoons salt and 1 teaspoon pepper and roast until the tomatillos are softened and slightly charred, about 20 minutes. Peel the garlic. Puree all the ingredients in a blender until smooth. Season with salt and pepper. Makes 3 1/2 cups.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs40 \cf0 Eva's Chunky Guacamole:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl420\ql\qnatural
\ls3\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs38 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}3 ripe avocados, cut into 1/2-inch dice\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 medium ripe tomatoes, seeded and cut into 1/2-inch dice\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 small white onion, finely chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 bunch fresh cilantro, chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 serrano chile, finely minced\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 small lemons, about 4 tablespoons\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon kosher salt\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 A viewer, who may not be a professional cook, provided this recipe. The Food Network Kitchens chefs have not tested this recipe and therefore, we cannot make representation as to the results.\
\
In a large bowl, place the avocados, tomatoes, onion, cilantro, serrano, lemon juice, and salt, to taste. Stir gently until well combined. Transfer to a serving bowl and serve.\
\
Cook' s Note: To keep the guacamole from turning brown, press a pit from one of the avocados into the center of the dish. Remove it before serving.\
}