{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red34\green34\blue34;\red94\green90\blue87;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12980\viewh15340\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl740\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs74 \cf2 Apple Crumb Pie I\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl220\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs32 \cf3 Serves 8\

\f0\fs50 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl460\sa200\ql\qnatural

\fs60 \cf2 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\sa120\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\fs44 \cf3 		1 1/4 cups all-purpose flour (spooned and leveled), plus more for rolling\
		6 tablespoons unsalted butter, room temperature\
		1/4 cup packed light-brown sugar\
		3/4 teaspoon salt\
		1 recipe Pie Crust (recipe below)\
		2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice\
		4 pounds Granny Smith apples (8 to 10)\
		1 cup granulated sugar\
		1 cup raisins\
		1 teaspoon ground cinnamon\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl460\sa200\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs60 \cf2 Directions\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\sa320\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\fs44 \cf3 {\listtext	.	}Preheat oven to 375 degrees. Make crumb topping: In a medium bowl, combine 1 cup flour, butter, brown sugar, and 1/4 teaspoon salt. Work with fingers until large clumps form; freeze.\
{\listtext	.	}On a lightly floured piece of wax paper or parchment paper, roll dough into a 14-inch circle. Carefully fit into a 9-inch deep-dish pie plate, gently lowering dough into bottom and sides of pie plate without stretching (you will have a 2-inch overhang all around). Refrigerate.\
{\listtext	.	}Place lemon juice in a large bowl. Peel, core, and slice apples 1/8 inch thick, transferring them to the bowl as you work. Add granulated sugar, raisins, cinnamon, remaining 1/4 cup flour, and remaining 1/2 teaspoon salt; toss to combine. Transfer apple mixture to pie crust, pressing in firmly. Fold dough overhang over filling, pleating it as you work your way around pie; press dough firmly against filling.\
{\listtext	.	}Bake 45 minutes, then sprinkle apple filling with crumb topping. Continue to bake until golden and bubbling, 30 to 45 minutes more. Cool at least 6 hours before serving.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl740\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs74 \cf2 Pie Crust
\f1\fs24 \cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl220\ql\qnatural

\fs32 \cf3 Makes 1 crust\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\sa320\ql\qnatural
\ls3\ilvl0\cf3 {\listtext	.	}
\f0\fs60 \cf2 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\sa120\ql\qnatural
\ls3\ilvl0
\f1\fs44 \cf3 {\listtext	.	}1 1/4 cups all-purpose flour (spooned and leveled), plus more for rolling dough\
{\listtext	.	}1/2 teaspoon salt\
{\listtext	.	}1/2 teaspoon sugar\
{\listtext	.	}8 tablespoons (1 stick) cold unsalted butter, cut into pieces\
{\listtext	.	}2 tablespoons ice water, plus 2 more, if needed\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl460\sa200\ql\qnatural
\ls3\ilvl0
\f0\fs60 \cf2 {\listtext	.	}Directions\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\sa320\ql\qnatural
\ls3\ilvl0
\f1\fs44 \cf3 {\listtext	.	}In a food processor, pulse flour, salt, and sugar several times to combine. Add butter. Pulse until mixture resembles coarse meal, with just a few pea-size pieces remaining.\
{\listtext	.	}Sprinkle with 2 tablespoons ice water. Pulse until dough is crumbly but holds together when squeezed with fingers (if needed, add up to 2 tablespoons more ice water, 1 tablespoon at a time). Do not overprocess.\
{\listtext	.	}Turn dough out onto a work surface; form dough into a 3/4-inch-thick disk. Wrap tightly in plastic, and refrigerate until firm, at least 1 hour.\
{\listtext	.	}Before baking, unwrap dough; place on a large piece of floured waxed paper. Roll dough to a 14-inch round. Using paper, lift and wrap dough around rolling pin (discarding paper); carefully unroll over a 9-inch pie plate. Gently fit into bottom and up sides of plate.\
{\listtext	.	}Trim overhang to 1 inch; fold overhang under itself. Pinch between thumb and forefinger to make a uniform edge around the rim. Crimp edge; refrigerate until chilled, about 1 hour.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl460\sa320\ql\qnatural
\ls3\ilvl0\cf3 	\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\sa320\ql\qnatural
\ls3\ilvl0
\fs32 \cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\sa260\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs34 \cf2 \
}