{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs54 \cf0 Brined Turkey Breast with Spanish Spice Rub and Sour Orange Sauce
\f1\b0\fs34 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\b \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 8 servings\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs38 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs46 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs44 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}2 quarts cold water\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup kosher salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sugar/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 granulated sugar}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 boneless turkey breast, 4 to 5 pounds\
{\listtext	\'95	}Spanish Spice Rub, recipe follows\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/vegetable-oils/index.html"}}{\fldrslt Vegetable oil}}\cf0 \
{\listtext	\'95	}4 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/orange/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 oranges}}, halved\
{\listtext	\'95	}Sour Orange Sauce, recipe follows\
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/parsley/index.html"}}{\fldrslt Flat-leaf parsley leaves}}\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs46 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs44 \cf0 Place water in a large bowl or plastic container. Whisk in salt and sugar and let sit 5 minutes to dissolve. Add the turkey breast, cover, and let sit in the refrigerator for 45 minutes.\
Heat grill to medium-high. Remove turkey from the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/brining/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 brining}} solution, rinse well under cold water and pat dry with paper towels. Rub the skin side of the turkey with the rub. Using tongs, dip paper towels into the oil and oil the grates of the grill. Place the turkey on the grill, rub side down and grill until slightly charred and a crust has formed, about 4 to 5 minutes. Reduce the heat of the grill to medium, turn the turkey over and continue cooking, with the lid closed for 30 to 40 minutes or until an instant-read thermometer inserted into the center of the breast registers 155 degrees F (the temperature will continue to rise off the heat). Remove from the heat, loosely tent with foil and let rest 10 minutes before slicing. Slice into 1/2-inch thick slices.\
While turkey is resting, brush the cut side of oranges with oil and place cut side down on the grill and grill until slightly charred. Ladle sour orange sauce onto a platter and top with the sliced turkey. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/garnish/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Garnish}} with grilled oranges and parsley leaves.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs46 \cf0 Spanish Spice Rub:\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs44 \cf0 6 tablespoons Spanish paprika\
2 tablespoons {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cumin/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cumin seeds}}, ground\
1 tablespoon {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/mustard-seed/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 mustard seeds}}, ground\
4 teaspoons {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/fennel-seed/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 fennel seeds}}, ground\
4 teaspoons coarsely ground black pepper\
2 teaspoons kosher salt\
Whisk together in a bowl.\

\b Sour Orange Sauce:
\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/olive-oil/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 olive oil}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 medium {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/spanish-onion/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Spanish onion}}, chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/garlic/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cloves garlic}}, coarsely chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 cups fresh orange juice\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 teaspoons grated {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/zest/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 orange zest}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup fresh lime juice\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons honey\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 cups homemade {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/stock/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 chicken stock}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}Salt and freshly ground black pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons cold {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/butter/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 unsalted butter}}, cut into pieces\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 teaspoons chopped fresh thyme\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Heat the oil in a medium {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/saucepan/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 saucepan}} over medium-high heat on the grates of the grill. Add the onions and cook until soft. Add the garlic and cook for 1 minute. Add the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/orange/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 orange juice}}, zest, and lime juice and cook until the mixture is reduced to about 1/2 cup. Stir in the honey. Add the chicken stock and cook until it's reduced to a sauce consistency, about 2 cups.\
Strain the sauce into a bowl, whisk in the butter, and season with salt and pepper. Stir in the thyme and parsley and serve hot.}