{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12440\viewh12080\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Sliced Chipotle Turkey Breast with Pomegranate Cranberry Relish and Polenta\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs32 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 4 servings\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 full or 2 split skin-on boneless turkey breasts\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 stick butter, softened\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons honey\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons pureed chipotle peppers in adobo sauce\
{\listtext	\'95	}Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}One 12-ounce bag fresh cranberries\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cinnamon stick\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 strip orange rind\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 pomegranate\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 jalapeno, seeded and finely chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 red onion, finely chopped 2 cups chicken stock, plus 1 cup if reheating for a make-ahead meal\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup milk\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup quick-cooking polenta\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup grated manchego cheese\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.\
Place the turkey on a baking rack over a baking sheet. Combine 6 tablespoons of the butter with 1 tablespoon of the honey and the chipotle puree, and slather over the turkey breast, sprinkling liberally with salt and black pepper. Roast the turkey, 1 hour 15 minutes.\
Meanwhile, place the cranberries in a pot with the sugar, a pinch salt, the cinnamon, orange peel and 1 cup water. Bring to a boil and cook until all the berries pop and the sauce thickens, 15 minutes. Let cool. Peel the pomegranate in a bowl of water and separate and drain the seeds. Stir the pomegranate seeds, jalapenos and onions into the sauce.\
Bring the stock and milk to a boil, and then whisk in the polenta until it thickens. Stir in the remaining butter, some salt and black pepper, the remaining honey and the cheese. Serve the sliced turkey with the cranberry-pomegranate relish, chilled or at room temperature, with the polenta alongside.\
\
}