{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15280\viewh20380\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Frozen Pumpkin Mousse Pie
\f1\b0\fs32 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\b \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 12 servings\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs36 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}\
{\listtext	\'95	}8 ounces gingersnap cookies, broken (about 2 1/2 cups)\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons vegetable oil\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/3 cup plus 2 tablespoons light-brown sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup canned pumpkin puree\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract\
{\listtext	\'95	}3/4 teaspoon pumpkin pie spice\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 quart low-fat vanilla yogurt softened\
{\listtext	\'95	}Maple Whipped Cream, recipe follows, optional\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.\
Combine the gingersnaps, oil, and 2 tablespoons brown sugar in the bowl of a food processor; pulse to form fine crumbs. Press the crumbs into the bottom and up the sides of a 9-inch pie plate. Bake until the crust is set and golden brown, 10 to 15 minutes. Let cool completely on a wire rack.\
In a large bowl, stir together the pumpkin puree, vanilla, pumpkin pie spice and remaining 1/3 cup brown sugar until blended; stir in the frozen yogurt. Spread into the cooled pie crust and freeze until firm, about 3 hours. Wrap tightly in plastic to freeze up to 1 week.\
When ready to serve, transfer the pie to the refrigerator to soften slightly, about 30 minutes. \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Maple Whipped Cream:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 3/4 teaspoons unflavored powdered gelatin\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons water\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup 2 percent reduced-fat milk\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup maple syrup\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon pure vanilla extract\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Sprinkle the gelatin over the water in a medium bowl; let stand until absorbed, about 5 minutes. In a small saucepan, heat the milk until steaming. Whisk the hot milk into the gelatin to dissolve. Stir in the maple syrup and vanilla.\
Place the bowl in a bowl of ice water and stir occasionally until just beginning to set around the edges, about 15 minutes. Using a hand-held mixer, beat the cold milk mixture on high until thick and fluffy, about 8 minutes. Spread on top of the frozen mousse pie; swirl like a meringue topping. Serve.\
Yield: 12 servings}