{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green170\blue60;\red96\green96\blue96;\red51\green51\blue51;
}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{circle\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17120\viewh14340\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl20\ql\qnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.ourbestbites.com/2010/11/oreo-turkeys-and-cookie-pilgrim-hats/"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\fs2 \cf2 OREO }}
\f0\b \cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa360\qj

\fs72 \cf3 Oreo Turkeys\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sl340\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl1
\f1\b0\fs60 \cf4 {\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}24 Oreo Double Stuff cookies 
\b\fs54 \
\ls1\ilvl1
\b0\fs60 {\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}12 miniature peanut butter cups 
\b\fs54 \
\ls1\ilvl1
\b0\fs60 {\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}12 malted milk balls 
\b\fs54 \
\ls1\ilvl1
\b0\fs60 {\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}1 cup candy corn 
\b\fs54 \
\ls1\ilvl1
\b0\fs60 {\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}4 ounces chocolate frosting 
\b\fs54 \
\ls1\ilvl1
\b0\fs60 {\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}4 ounces white frosting 
\b\fs54 \
\ls1\ilvl1
\b0\fs60 {\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}red food coloring\
\ls1\ilvl1
\f0\fs58 \cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa360\qj
\cf3 First step:\'a0 Grab a cookie.\'a0 You don\'92t have to put frosting in there, but I like to because it holds in the candy corn a little better. Just give it a little squeeze of chocolate.\
Then stuff in your candycorn.\'a0 If you\'92re in some sort of candy corn shortage, you can cut off the white tips to use later for your beaks.\'a0 I think the candy corn sticks in better with the tip so I leave it on.\'a0 Go ahead and do all of the cookies through this step.\
Next put a dab of frosting on the opposite end of the cookie and secure it to the \'93base\'94 cookie.\'a0 It helps to place them next to a wall as they dry so they stay put.\
While those are drying, unwrap your PB cups.\'a0 Take a sharp knife and cut a sliver off of one end.\'a0 (I don\'92t need to tell you what to do with the sliver, do I?)\'a0 It helps to gently cut in a sawing motion so you don\'92t break the PB cup.\'a0 (Although I wouldn\'92t have to tell you what to do with a broken one either, would I?)\'a0 Cut it from the bottom like I show here:\
Once those are ready, flip your cookies over, but you may find it\'92s easy to keep them next to the wall.\'a0 My frosting was a bit soft, so they needed the extra support.\
Place a dab of frosting on the pb cup, and place it on the cookie like so:\
Now those little guys will need heads, so glue a whopper on there with frosting as well. I put frosting on the side of the whopper that hits both the cookie and the PB cup.\'a0 Wouldn\'92t want a turkey running around with its head cut off, would we??\
While they\'92re still laying there, use a dab of frosting (I use yellow) and glue on the white tip of a candy corn for a beak.\'a0 Put two yellow dots on for eyes, and for the black spots in the eyes you can use a dab of chocolate frosting, or a mini chocolate chip, or a little sprinkle like I\'92ve used.\'a0 A sprinkle is really the perfect size if you have them.\
Once the beak stays put you can flip them over and draw on some little yellow feet.\'a0 If you have red frosting too (usually comes in a set with the tube of yellow) you can add a little gobble gobble. \
\
}