{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red34\green34\blue34;\red94\green90\blue87;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14680\viewh13320\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl740\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs74 \cf2 Pumpkin Chiffon Pie
\fs40 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl460\sa200\ql\qnatural

\fs58 \cf2 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl220\sa100\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b\fs40 \cf2 		For The Crust
\b0\fs42 \cf3 \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sl320\sa120\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl1\cf3 		32 gingersnaps, coarsely broken\
		1/4 cup granulated sugar\
		1/4 teaspoon coarse salt\
		4 tablespoons plus 2 teaspoons unsalted butter, melted\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl220\sa100\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs40 \cf2 		For The Filling
\b0\fs42 \cf3 \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sl320\sa120\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl1\cf3 		1 envelope unflavored gelatin (1 scant tablespoon)\
		1/4 cup cold water\
		1 1/4 cups canned pumpkin (from a 15-ounce can)  \
		3 large eggs, separated\
		3/4 cup granulated sugar\
		1/2 cup whole milk\
		1/4 teaspoon coarse salt\
		1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon\
		1/4 teaspoon ground ginger\
		1/8 teaspoon ground nutmeg\
      
\b\fs40 \cf2 For The Garnish\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\sa120\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl1
\b0\fs42 \cf3 		       1/4 small sugar pumpkin, peeled\
		       1 cup water\
		       1 1/2 cups packed light-brown sugar\
		       2 cinnamon sticks\
		       1 piece (2 inches long and 1 inch wide) peeled fresh ginger, sliced    \
		          1/4 inch thick
\fs60 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl460\sa200\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs58 \cf2 Directions\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\sa320\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\fs42 \cf3 {\listtext	.	}Make the crust: Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Process gingersnaps, granulated sugar, and salt in a food processor until finely ground. Add butter, and process until combined. Place mixture in pie plate, pressing into bottom and up sides. Place on a baking sheet, and bake until darkened and firm, 11 to 13 minutes. Let cool 5 minutes. 	\
{\listtext	.	}Make the filling: Sprinkle gelatin over cold water in a bowl. Let stand until softened, about 5 minutes.\
{\listtext	.	}Combine pumpkin, egg yolks, 1/4 cup granulated sugar, milk, salt, and spices in a saucepan over medium heat. Cook, stirring, until mixture begins to thicken, about 8 minutes. Do not boil. Remove from heat. Stir in gelatin mixture until dissolved. Let cool completely.\
{\listtext	.	}Beat egg whites with a mixer until soft peaks form. Gradually add remaining 1/2 cup granulated sugar, beating until stiff peaks form. Whisk one-third of beaten egg whites into cooled pumpkin mixture. Gently fold in remaining whites. (Filling can be refrigerated, covered, overnight.) Spoon into pie shell, and refrigerate up to 2 hours).\
{\listtext	.	}Make the garnish: Using a vegetable peeler, shave pumpkin into thin, wide ribbons. Bring water, brown sugar, cinnamon sticks, and ginger to a boil in a saucepan over medium heat. Cook until reduced by half, about 5 minutes. Add pumpkin pieces, and reduce heat. Simmer gently until tender and translucent, about 8 minutes. Pour into a bowl, and let cool completely. (Garnish can stand at room temperature for up to 3 hours.) Top each pie with 3 or 4 pumpkin pieces, discarding syrup. Serve immediately.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa240\ql\qnatural
\cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\sa260\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs44 \cf2 \
}