{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15580\viewh10740\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs54 \cf0 Pumpkin Mousse Tart\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs34 \cf2 Serves: 
\b0 \cf0 10 servings\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs38 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs46 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 For the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/crust/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 crust}}:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs44 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}2 cups graham cracker crumbs (14 crackers)\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/3 cup sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 pound (1 stick) {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/butter/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 unsalted butter}}, melted\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs46 \cf0 For the filling:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs44 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup half-and-half\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 (15-ounce) can pumpkin puree\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup light {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sugar/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 brown sugar}}, lightly packed\
{\listtext	\'95	}3/4 teaspoon kosher salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 teaspoon ground nutmeg\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 extra-large egg yolks\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 package (2 teaspoons) unflavored {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/gelatin/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 gelatin}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon grated {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/zest/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 orange zest}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup cold heavy cream\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons sugar\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs46 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs44 \cf0 Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.\
Combine the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/graham-cracker/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 graham cracker}} crumbs, sugar, cinnamon, and melted butter in a bowl and mix well. Pour into an 11-inch {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/tart-pan/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 tart pan}} with a removable bottom and press evenly into the sides and then the bottom. Bake for 10 minutes and then cool to room temperature.\
For the filling, heat the half-and-half, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/pumpkin/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 pumpkin}}, brown sugar, salt, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cinnamon/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cinnamon}}, and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/nutmeg/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 nutmeg}} in a heat-proof bowl set over a pan of simmering water until hot, about 5 minutes. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/whisk/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Whisk}} the egg yolks in another bowl, stir some of the hot pumpkin into the egg yolks to heat them, then pour the egg-pumpkin mixture back into the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/double-boiler/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 double boiler}} and stir well. Heat the mixture over the simmering water for another 4 to 5 minutes, until it begins to thicken, stirring constantly. You don't want the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/eggs/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 eggs}} to scramble. Remove from the heat.\
Dissolve the gelatin in 1/4 cup cold water. Add the dissolved gelatin, and orange zest to the pumpkin mixture and mix well. Set aside to cool.\
Whip the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cream/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 heavy cream}} in the bowl of an electric {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/mixer/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 mixer}} fitted with a whisk attachment until soft peaks form. Add the sugar and continue to whisk until you have firm peaks. Carefully fold the whipped cream into the pumpkin mixture and pour it into the cooled tart shell. Chill for 2 hours or overnight.\
Serve chilled.\
\
}