{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red84\green84\blue84;\red51\green51\blue51;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid4}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12160\viewh15380\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl520\sa80\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs64 \cf0 Pumpkin Mousse I
\fs38 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural
\cf2 Yield:  \cf0 4 servings\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\ql\qnatural

\fs48 \cf0 INGREDIENTS\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0\fs44 \cf0 For the mousse:\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon rum\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon gelatine\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/4 cups heavy cream\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon vanilla extract\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/3 cup caster sugar (superfine)\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 1/4 cups pureed pumpkin or butternut squash, recipe follows\
For the chocolate sauce:\
{\listtext	\'95	}3/4 cup heavy cream\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 ounces bittersweet chocolate, coarsely chopped\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls3\ilvl0\cf0 Pumpkin puree:\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 cups diced fresh pumpkin or butternut squash\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls4\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon butter, softened\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\ql\qnatural

\b\fs48 \cf0 DIRECTIONS\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa160\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs44 \cf3 For the mousse: Stir the rum and gelatine together in a cup, and let soften 5 minutes. Heat a third of the cream with the vanilla in a saucepan. Stir in the gelatine and rum to dissolve. Add the sugar to dissolve. Finally mix in the pumpkin puree. Strain, cool, and refrigerate until chilled and starting to get thick. \uc0\u8232 Whip the remaining cream and fold it into the chilled pumpkin mixture. Spoon into serving dishes, cover, and chill at least 4 hours before turning out to serve. \u8232 For the chocolate sauce: put the ingredients in a saucepan and gently melt. If too thick, simply thin out with a little more cream. The sauce will harden as it cools, but you can simply melt it down again. \u8232 Serve the chocolate sauce dribbled over the pumpkin mousses.
\b\fs48 \cf0 \

\b0\fs44 \cf3 To make the pumpkin puree: \uc0\u8232 Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. \u8232 Toss the diced pumpkin with the butter in a baking dish. Cover the dish lightly with foil, and roast until very soft, about 30 minutes, depending on the size of the chunks. Puree the pumpkin in a blender.}