{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red77\green77\blue77;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12680\viewh12640\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs72 \cf2 Roast Turkey
\b0\fs54 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \
{\listtext	\'95	}12 to 16 lb turkey\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 \'bd heads garlic cloves peeled\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 Tbs. Paprika\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 Tbs. kosher salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}\'bd tsp black pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 to 4 Tbs. Oil\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 Onions sliced into discs\
{\listtext	\'95	}7 bay leaves\
{\listtext	\'95	}Large bunch fresh Thyme, leaves attached to stems\
{\listtext	\'95	}You will also need:\
{\listtext	\'95	}Roasting bag\
{\listtext	\'95	}Roaster with cover\
{\listtext	\'95	}Meat thermometer\
{\listtext	\'95	}Turkey baster\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural
\cf2 The day before Thanksgiving, make a paste of garlic, paprika, salt, pepper and oil in a food processor .\'a0 Rub completely over turkey inside and out.\'a0 Lift the skin on the breast and rub the paste underneath the skin directly onto the breast.\'a0 Tuck several bay leaves under skin as well.\'a0 If turkey is not completely defrosted yet don\'92t worry.\'a0 Put turkey in an oven bag and scatter remaining bay leaves, onion and thyme (stems included) all around the bird.\'a0 Close bag and refrigerate overnight.\
Thanksgiving\'a0 day heat oven to 325.\'a0 Calculate 20 minutes per pound, and you will arrive at the approximate roasting time.\'a0 Then you can decide what time you need to put the turkey in the oven.\'a0 With turkey still in bag place stuffing inside the cavity of turkey.\'a0 Twist bag closed put in roaster and cover.\'a0 It cover does not close completely its ok, because the turkey is in a bag.\
Once roasting is well under way,\'a0 I remove turkey from oven every 20 minutes or so, unwrap the bag, and baste turkey. About 1 hour from finish time I cut away the bag so the turkey can get a golden brown color.\'a0 Now you will want to start checking the temperature by inserting meat thermometer between the thigh and breast, but not touching the bone.\'a0 When temp reaches 165, remove bird from oven.\'a0 It will continue to cook even after leaving oven.\'a0 Discard Thyme.\'a0 Wait 20 minutes, carve and serve immediately.\
\'a0}