{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red84\green84\blue84;\red51\green51\blue51;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl520\sa80\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs62 \cf0 Spiced Pumpkin Crumb Cake\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\fs36 \cf2 Yield:  \cf0 12 servings\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\ql\qnatural

\fs48 \cf0 INGREDIENTS\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0\fs44 \cf0 Cake:\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup (2 sticks) unsalted butter, softened\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup granulated sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 large eggs\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 teaspoons vanilla extract\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 1/2 cups all-purpose flour\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon baking powder\
{\listtext	\'95	}3/4 teaspoon salt\
Pumpkin Filling:\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup light brown sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon ground cinnamon\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon ground ginger\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon ground nutmeg\
{\listtext	\'95	}One 15-ounce can pumpkin puree\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 large eggs, beaten\
Crumb Topping:\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup all-purpose flour\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup light brown sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 teaspoons baking powder\
{\listtext	\'95	}3/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon ground nutmeg\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 teaspoon ground ginger\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup (2 sticks) unsalted butter, chilled and cubed\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\ql\qnatural

\b\fs48 \cf0 DIRECTIONS\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa160\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs44 \cf3 Fresh whipped cream or ice cream, for serving \uc0\u8232 \u8232 Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Grease and flour one 9-inch springform pan. \u8232 \u8232 For the batter: In a large mixing bowl, cream together the butter and granulated sugar with an electric mixer until light and fluffy. Add the eggs, one at a time, beating well after each addition. Mix in the vanilla. In a separate mixing bowl, whisk together the flour, baking powder and salt. Stir the dry ingredients into the butter and egg mixture. Mix just until combined (the batter will be thick) and set aside. \u8232 \u8232 For the filling: In a second large mixing bowl, add the brown sugar, cinnamon, ginger, nutmeg, pumpkin puree and eggs and set aside. \u8232 \u8232 For the topping: In a third mixing bowl, combine the flour, brown sugar, baking powder, cinnamon, nutmeg and ginger. Cut in the chilled butter with a pastry cutter or two forks until the mixture is crumbly. \u8232 \u8232 Evenly spread the thick cake batter on the bottom of the prepared pan. Next, pour the pumpkin filling over the top of the cake batter and sprinkle the crumb topping on top of the filling. Bake until the filling is set and the topping is golden brown, 1 1/2 to 2 hours. Cool before slicing. Serve with fresh whipped cream or ice cream.}