{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red187\green0\blue54;\red61\green61\blue61;\red47\green47\blue47;
}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww19920\viewh19820\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\li280\ri1000\sl660\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs62 \cf2 Stuffings
\f1\b0\fs26 \cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa280\ql\qnatural

\fs32 \cf3 Yield: Each recipe serves 8 
\b \

\fs42 How to make stuffing:
\b0 \uc0\u8232 1. Cook vegetables, fruits, herbs and/or meat in butter, then add broth. \u8232 2. Toss with beaten eggs and cubed bread.\u8232 3. Transfer to a buttered baking dish and dot with butter or drippings. Bake, covered, at 375 degrees F, 30 minutes; uncover and bake until golden, about 30 more minutes.\
1. 
\b Classic
\b0  Melt 1 stick butter in a large skillet over medium heat. Add 2 cups each diced onions and celery and 1 tablespoon each minced sage and thyme; add salt and pepper and cook 5 minutes. Add 3 cups turkey or chicken broth and bring to a simmer. Beat 2 eggs with 1/4 cup chopped parsley in a large bowl; add 16 cups cubed stale white bread, then pour in the vegetable-broth mixture and toss. Transfer to a buttered baking dish and dot with butter. Cover and bake 30 minutes at 375 degrees F; uncover and bake until golden, 30 more minutes.\

\fs44 3. 
\b Cranberry-Apple Make
\b0  Classic Stuffing (No. 1), cooking 2 chopped apples and 1 cup dried cranberries with the onions.\uc0\u8232 
\fs50  
\b \

\b0\fs44 20. 
\b Sausage
\b0  Brown 1 pound crumbled sausage in 6 tablespoons butter in a large skillet over medium heat. Add 2 cups each diced onions and celery and 1 tablespoon each minced sage and thyme; add salt and pepper and cook 5 minutes. Add 3 cups chicken broth and bring to a simmer. Beat 2 eggs with 1/4 cup chopped parsley in a bowl; add 16 cups cubed stale white bread, then pour in the vegetable-broth mixture and toss. Transfer to a buttered baking dish and dot with butter. Cover and bake at 375 degrees F, 30 minutes; uncover and bake until golden, 30 more minutes.\

\b Sun-Dried Tomato
\b0  Make Sausage Stuffing (No. 20) with spicy sausage and semolina bread. Toss in 1 cup sliced sun-dried tomatoes with the bread. Sprinkle with 1/4 cup grated parmesan before baking.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs46 \cf0 Sausage and Herb Stuffing\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs26 \cf4 Serves: 
\b  
\b0 \cf0 8 to 10 servings\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs46 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}16 cups 1-inch bread cubes, white or sourdough (1 1/2 pound loaf)\
{\listtext	\'95	}8 tablespoons (1 stick) {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/butter/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 unsalted butter}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 cups medium-diced yellow onion (2 onions)\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup medium-diced celery (2 stalks)\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/granny-smith-apple/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 Granny Smith apples}}, unpeeled, cored and large-diced\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons chopped {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/parsley/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 flat-leaf parsley}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon kosher salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}3/4 pound sweet or spicy {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/italian-sausage/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 Italian sausage}}, casings removed\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup chicken stock\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup dried cranberries\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F.\
Place the bread cubes in a single layer on a sheet pan and bake for 7 minutes. Raise the oven temperature to 350 degrees F. Remove the bread cubes to a very large bowl.\
Meanwhile, in a large saute pan, melt the butter and add the onions, celery, apples, parsley, salt and pepper. Saute over medium heat for 10 minutes, until the vegetables are softened. Add to the bread cubes.\
In the same saute pan, cook the sausage over medium heat for about 10 minutes, until browned and cooked through, breaking up the sausage with a fork while cooking. Add to the bread cubes and vegetables.\
Add the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/stock/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 chicken stock}} and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cranberry/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 cranberries}} to the mixture, mix well, and pour into a 9 by 12-inch {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cookware-and-bakeware-materials/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 baking dish}}. Bake for 30 minutes, until browned on top and hot in the middle. Serve warm.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs58 \cf0 \
\
\
\
\

\f1\b0\fs62 \cf3 \
}