{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red34\green34\blue34;\red94\green90\blue87;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12140\viewh16200\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl740\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs80 \cf2 Lemon-Espresso Bites
\f1\b\fs54 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl220\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs48 \cf2 Yield:  \cf3 Makes about 16\

\f0\fs60 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl460\sa200\ql\qnatural

\fs72 \cf2 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\sa120\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\fs56 \cf3 		1 cup sliced blanched almonds\
		2 tablespoons granulated sugar\
		1 cup confectioners' sugar, plus more for dusting\
		3 large egg whites\
		Pinch of salt\
		1/2 teaspoon pure vanilla extract\
		Zest of 1 lemon, plus 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice (preferably Meyer)\
		6 tablespoons heavy cream\
		2/3 cup chopped bittersweet chocolate\
		1 teaspoon instant espresso powder\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl460\sa200\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs72 \cf2 Directions\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\sa240\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\fs56 \cf3 {\listtext	.	}Process almonds and 1 tablespoon granulated sugar in a food processor until finely ground. Transfer to a medium bowl; stir in confectioners' sugar. Put egg whites and salt into bowl of mixer fitted with whisk attachment; beat on medium until soft peaks form. Add remaining granulated sugar; beat until stiff peaks form. Mix in vanilla and lemon juice. Fold in almond mixture in 2 batches. Stir in zest.\
{\listtext	.	}Preheat oven to 300 degrees. Put batter in a pastry bag fitted with a 1 1/2- inch round tip (Ateco tip #803 or #804); pipe 2-inch rounds onto a nonstick baking sheet. Bake until golden and set, about 15 minutes. Let cool on a wire rack.\
{\listtext	.	}Bring cream to a boil in a pan. Pour over chocolate and espresso in a heatproof bowl; whisk. Transfer to freezer and stir occasionally until thickened, about 6 minutes.\
{\listtext	.	}Spread 2 teaspoons filling onto bottom of half of the cookies. Sandwich with remaining cookies. Dust with confectioners' sugar.\
}