{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red60\green60\blue60;\red41\green41\blue41;\red255\green0\blue0;
\red102\green102\blue102;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17680\viewh19440\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl600\sa360\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs100 \cf0 Lemon Clove Cookies
\b0\fs86 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\fs56 \cf0 Makes:  5 dozen 
\fs54 \

\fs64 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa600\ql\qnatural

\b\fs84 \cf2 Ingredients
\b0\fs60 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa200\ql\qnatural

\b\fs66 \cf2 Lemon Clove Cookies
\b0\fs60 \cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\fs72 \cf3 2 cups flour\
1/4 teaspoon ground cloves\
1/8 teaspoon salt\
3/4 cup (1 1/2 sticks) butter, softened\
1 cup granulated sugar\
1 egg\
1/2 teaspoon lemon extract\

\fs60 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa200\ql\qnatural

\b\fs66 \cf2 Lemon Glaze
\b0\fs60 \cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\fs72 \cf3 1 1/2 cups confectioners' sugar\
2 tablespoons (1 teaspoon) water\
1/4 teaspoon lemon extract\cf4 \

\fs60 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa600\ql\qnatural

\b\fs84 \cf2 Directions
\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl440\sa120\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs76 \cf5 {\listtext	.	}For the Cookies, mix flour, cloves and salt in medium bowl. Set aside. Beat butter and granulated sugar in large bowl with electric mixer on medium speed until light and fluffy. Add egg and lemon extract; beat until well blended. Gradually beat in flour mixture until well mixed.\
{\listtext	.	}Divide dough in half. Form each half into a log about 1 1/2 inches in diameter and 9 inches long. Wrap in wax paper. Refrigerate 1 hour or until firm.\
{\listtext	.	}Preheat oven to 350\'b0F. Cut dough into 1/4-inch thick slices. Place on ungreased baking sheets. Bake 12 to 15 minutes or until lightly browned. Cool on baking sheets 1 minute. Remove to wire racks; cool completely.\
{\listtext	.	}For the Lemon Glaze, mix confectioners' sugar, water and lemon extract in small bowl until well blended. Drizzle over cooled cookies. Let stand until glaze is set.\cf3 \
}