{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red61\green61\blue61;\red6\green124\blue174;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9460\viewh18480\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri1000\sl500\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf2 50 Summer Drinks\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa280\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs44 \cf2 1. 
\b PB Frappe
\b0  Puree 1/4 cup peanut butter with 1 cup milk. Pour some chocolate syrup into a glass; top with the peanut-butter milk. Slowly add seltzer and stir.\
2. 
\b Vietnamese Iced Coffee
\b0  Pour 3 tablespoons sweetened condensed milk over ice; stir in 1 cup cooled strong coffee.\
3. 
\b Honeydew Ice
\b0  Puree 1 cup each frozen honeydew melon and frozen diced cucumber with the juice of 1 lime and some sugar.\
4. 
\b Sake Spritzer
\b0  Combine 1 basil leaf, 6 mint leaves, 2 lemon twists, 1 orange wedge, 1/4 cup diced cucumber and 1 1/2 ounces orange liqueur in a shaker with ice; shake. Pour into a glass and top with sparkling sake.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural
\cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa280\ql\qnatural
\cf2 5. 
\b Peach-Ginger Iced Tea
\b0  Mash 6 canned peach halves with 1 1/2 cups of the juice, 1/3 cup sugar and 1 tablespoon grated ginger in a pitcher. Add ice and 6 cups cold English breakfast tea.\
6. 
\b Pineapple Rummy
\b0  Fill a glass partway with sparkling cider and ice. Add a shot of dark rum and a few pineapple chunks.\
7. 
\b Concord Cow
\b0  Scoop some vanilla ice cream into a glass. Mix equal parts concord grape juice and lemon-lime soda, then slowly pour over the ice cream.\
8. 
\b Real-Man's Margarita
\b0  Salt the rim of a beer mug; fill with ice. Add Mexican beer, a squeeze of lime juice, a splash of tequila and hot sauce to taste.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural
\cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa280\ql\qnatural
\cf2 9. 
\b Cherry Cooler
\b0  Puree 1/2 pound pitted cherries, 1/2 cup sugar and 1 cup strong hibiscus tea. Serve over ice and garnish with cherries.\
10. 
\b Agua Fresca
\b0  Puree 2 unpeeled cucumbers, the juice of 2 limes, 3 tablespoons sugar, 1 cup water and 1/4 serrano pepper; strain. Serve over ice.\
11. 
\b Elderflower Fizz
\b0  Fill a glass halfway with ice and cranberry juice. Add a splash each of vodka and elderflower liqueur; top with seltzer and garnish with mint.\
12. 
\b Tequila Paloma
\b0  Pour a shot of tequila into an ice-filled glass; top with grapefruit soda.\
13. 
\b Guava Green Tea
\b0  Pour equal parts guava juice and green tea over ice; garnish with lemon.\
14. 
\b Lychee Sparkler
\b0  Puree half the lychees from a 20-ounce can with all the syrup; strain. Mix with 2 1/2 cups Lillet and a few dashes of rose water and bitters.\
15. 
\b Kiwi Punch
\b0  Puree 7 peeled, cubed kiwis with 1/2 cup sugar, the juice of 2 limes and 1 cup water; strain and serve over ice.\
16. 
\b Bull's-Eye Brew
\b0  Mix equal parts tomato juice and pale ale. Serve on ice with lime wedges.\
17. 
\b Strawberry Limeade
\b0  Make simple syrup: Dissolve 1 cup sugar in 1 cup water in a saucepan over low heat; let cool. Combine with 1 cup lime juice, 2 cups water, some frozen chopped strawberries and ice.\
18. 
\b Pimm's Ginger Cup
\b0  Pour 2 ounces Pimm's No. 1 over ice. Squeeze in a lemon wedge; top with ginger ale and garnish with a cucumber stick.\
19. 
\b Iced Chai
\b0  Brew 6 black tea bags in 4 cups water with a 1-inch piece ginger and 2 teaspoons Chai spice blend. Cool, remove tea bags and ginger and stir in 1/4 cup honey. Serve over ice with sweetened condensed milk.\
20. 
\b Fruity Protein Shake
\b0  Puree 2 ounces silken tofu, 1 cup frozen fruit, 1/4 cup fruit juice, 1/2 cup soy milk and a little honey.\
21. 
\b Russian Cherry Soda
\b0  Bring 1 cup water, 1 cup sugar and 1 cup pitted cherries to a boil and cook until syrupy; stir into seltzer.\
22. 
\b Lavender-Peach Cooler
\b0  Make half a batch of simple syrup (see No. 17), adding 1/4 cup dried lavender to the hot syrup; let cool. Puree 1/2 cup of the syrup with 1\'bd pounds peaches and 1 cup water; strain. Stir in lemon juice and serve on the rocks.\
23. 
\b Go-To Margarita
\b0  Shake 3 ounces tequila, 2 ounces lime juice, 1 ounce simple syrup (see No. 17) and ice in a shaker. Strain into an ice-filled glass.\
24. 
\b Apricot Sun Tea
\b0  Steep 4 bags orange pekoe tea in 4 cups cold water in a sunny spot for several hours. Stir in 2 cups apricot nectar, 1/4 cup simple syrup (see No. 17), the juice of 1 lemon, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract and 1 cup fresh mint; chill.\
25. 
\b Instant Horchata
\b0  Sweeten rice milk with sugar; add a pinch of cinnamon. Serve over ice with diced cantaloupe and pecans.\cf3 \
\cf2 26. 
\b Watermelon-Coconut Cooler
\b0  Blend 8 cups frozen cubed watermelon with 8 ounces lemon vodka, 7 ounces simple syrup (see No. 17) and a 17.5-ounce can coconut juice. Serve with watermelon wedges.\
27. 
\b Orange-Berry Daiquiri
\b0  Puree 2 cups crushed ice, 1 cup sliced strawberries, 4 ounces light rum, 1 ounce orange liqueur, 2 ounces lime juice and 1 tablespoon superfine sugar. Pour into 2 glasses.\
28. 
\b Virgin Daiquiri
\b0  Swap the alcohol in the above recipe for 1/2 cup fresh orange juice.\
29. 
\b Derby Martini
\b0  Shake 1 1/2 ounces bourbon, 1/4 ounce Lillet, 1/2 ounce cherry brandy, 1 teaspoon lemon juice, a dash of bitters and ice in a shaker; strain into a martini glass.\
30. 
\b Old Cuban
\b0  Muddle a handful of mint leaves in a shaker with 1 1/2 ounces rum, the juice of 1 lime, 1 ounce simple syrup (see No. 17) and 2 dashes bitters. Shake with ice; strain into a flute and top with champagne.\
31. 
\b Berry-Guava Lemonade
\b0  Mash 4 diced strawberries with 2 tablespoons sugar and 4 tablespoons guava juice in a glass. Fill with ice, then add 6 tablespoons lemon juice and lemon slices.\
32. 
\b Cherry-Lime Rickey
\b0  Mash 6 pitted cherries, 3 lime wedges and 2 teaspoons sugar in a glass. Add 3 ounces gin and ice.\
33. 
\b Blueberry Slush
\b0  Puree 4 ounces tequila, 2 ounces blue cura\'e7ao, 1/2 cup blueberries, the juice of 3 limes, 1 tablespoon sugar and 3 cups ice until slushy; pour into 2 sugar-rimmed margarita glasses.\
34. 
\b Ginger Shandy
\b0  Mix equal parts ginger ale and pale ale; serve on the rocks.\
35. 
\b Chocolate-Cherry Shake
\b0  Puree 1 cup softened vanilla ice cream, 1/4 cup milk, 1/2 cup frozen cherries and 8 chocolate wafers.\
36. 
\b Pink & Green Aperitif
\b0  Mix 2 parts Aperol and 1 part vodka with muddled lime wedges and pink grapefruit juice. Garnish with raspberries.\
37. 
\b Vir-Gin & Tonic
\b0  Crush 2 tablespoons juniper berries with 2 tablespoons fresh mint. Add 1 cup tonic; steep for 20 minutes, then strain. Serve on ice; top with tonic and 2 dashes bitters.\cf3 \
\cf2 38. 
\b Smoky Creamsicle Float
\b0  Scoop some vanilla ice cream into a glass; add 1 ounce mezcal and 6 ounces orange soda.\
39. 
\b Raspberry Egg Cream
\b0  Puree 1/4 cup raspberry jam with 1 cup milk. Place 1 tablespoon jam in a glass. Top with the raspberry milk and seltzer; stir.\
40. 
\b Pink Lemonade
\b0  Boil 1/2 cup sugar, 1/2 cup water and 1 cup raspberries; let cool. Strain into a pitcher, then stir in 1/2 cup lemon juice, 1 cup cold water and ice.\
41. 
\b Melon Sangria
\b0  Mix 1 bottle white wine, 1/2 cup green melon liqueur, the juice of 3 limes and 1/4 cup sugar in a pitcher; chill. Garnish with melon balls.\
42. 
\b Cucumber Water
\b0  Combine 1 gallon ice water, 1 sliced lemon and 1/2 sliced cucumber; chill.\cf3 \
\cf2 43. 
\b Bluetini
\b0  Drizzle 2 teaspoons blue cura\'e7ao into a chilled martini glass; add 2 dashes orange bitters. Shake a shot of blueberry vodka with ice in a shaker, then strain into the glass; garnish with blueberries.\
44. 
\b Boozy Cherry Pop
\b0  Pour 2 ounces each cherry syrup and gin over ice; add a splash of seltzer. Float a layer of red wine on top by pouring over the back of a spoon; garnish with a maraschino cherry.\
45. 
\b Rosemary Gin & Tonic
\b0  Mash a lime wedge with 4 cucumber slices in a glass. Add 2 ounces gin, a sprig of rosemary and some ice; top with tonic.\
46. 
\b Caramel-Java Freeze
\b0  Puree 1/2 cup espresso, 1/2 cup milk, 2 tablespoons each caramel sauce and sugar and 1 cup crushed ice. Pour into 2 glasses; top with whipped cream and caramel.\
47. 
\b Champagne Punch
\b0  Mix 1 bottle champagne, 2 cups seltzer, 1 cup peach nectar and 1/2 cup brandy in a punch bowl; add sliced peaches and berries.\
48. 
\b Raspberry Shrub
\b0  Fill a jar with raspberries; cover with cider vinegar and steep overnight. Strain into a saucepan and add 1 cup sugar per 1 cup liquid; boil 15 minutes, then cool. Combine 3 tablespoons shrub in a glass with ice, lime juice and seltzer.\
49. 
\b Ginger Juice
\b0  Soak 1 cup grated ginger in 8 cups water overnight. Add 1 cup sugar; simmer 1 hour, strain and chill. Stir in a dash of almond extract and serve over ice; top with seltzer.\
50. 
\b White-Grape Spritzer
\b0  Mix equal parts white grape juice and lemon-lime soda; serve over ice with sliced fruit.\
\
\

\fs34 \

\fs26 \
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
}