{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs58 \cf0 Blueberry Soda\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs38 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 about 3 cups blueberry syrup, enough for 12 drinks\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}20 ounces fresh blueberries, approximately 4 cups, rinsed and drained\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 cups water\
{\listtext	\'95	}7 ounces {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sugar/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 sugar}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 lime, juiced\
{\listtext	\'95	}Carbonated water\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 Place the blueberries and the water into a medium {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/saucepan/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 saucepan}}, set over medium-high heat and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to low and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/simmer/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 simmer}} for 15 minutes. Remove the saucepan from the heat and pour the mixture into a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/colander/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 colander}} lined with cheesecloth that is set in a large bowl. Allow to cool for 15 minutes. Gather up the edges of the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cheesecloth/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cheesecloth}} and squeeze out as much of the liquid as possible. Discard the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/skin/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 skin}} and pulp. Return the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/blueberry/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 blueberry}} juice to the saucepan along with the sugar and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/lime/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 lime}} juice. Place over medium high heat and stir until the sugar has dissolved. Bring to a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/boil/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 boil}} and cook for 2 minutes. Remove from the heat and transfer to a heatproof glass container and place in the refrigerator, uncovered, until completely cooled.\
To Serve: Combine 1/4 cup of the liquid with 8-ounces of carbonated water and serve over ice.\
\
}