{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Sweet Apple Iced Tea\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs32 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 4 to 6 servings\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}6 cups water\
{\listtext	\'95	}6 sweet {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/apple/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 apple}} {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/tea/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 tea}} bags (recommended: Celestial Seasonings Sweet Apple {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/chamomile/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Chamomile}})\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/3 cups Vanilla Simple Syrup, recipe follows\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 small apple, thinly sliced\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/lemon/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 lemon}}, thinly sliced\
{\listtext	\'95	}Ice\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 In a medium {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/saucepan/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 saucepan}}, bring the water to a boil over high heat. Remove the pan from the heat and stir in the tea bags. Allow the liquid to cool to room temperature, about 1 hour. Remove the tea bags and discard. Add the Vanilla {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/simple-syrup/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Simple Syrup}} and stir. Pour the mixture into a glass pitcher. Add the apple and lemon slices and refrigerate for 1 hour.\
Pour the tea into ice-filled glasses and serve.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Vanilla Simple Syrup:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 cup {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sugar/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 granulated sugar}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup water\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 vanilla bean, cut in 1/2 lengthwise and seeds removed\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 In a small saucepan over medium heat, combine the sugar, water, vanilla bean, and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/vanilla/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 vanilla bean}} seeds. Bring to a boil, reduce heat, and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/simmer/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 simmer}} for 5 minutes, stirring occasionally, until the sugar has dissolved. Remove the pan from the heat and allow the syrup to cool, about 20 minutes. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/strain/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Strain}} before using.\
Yield: 1 1/3cups\
\
}