{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww20920\viewh16760\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs74 \cf0 Apple Spice Bundt Cake with Rum Glaze
\b0\fs52 \
Yield:1 bundt cake, 12 to 14 servings\
\

\b\fs72 Ingredients
\b0\fs66 \

\b\fs62 Cake
\b0\fs66 \
12 ounces unsalted butter, at room temperature, plus extra for the pan\
15 1/2 ounces all-purpose flour, plus extra for the pan\
1 teaspoon baking soda\
1/2 teaspoon salt\
2 teaspoons ground grains of paradise\
1 teaspoon ground nutmeg\
1/2 teaspoon ground ginger\
1/4 teaspoon ground allspice\
1/4 teaspoon ground cardamom\
1/4 teaspoon ground rosemary\
1/8 teaspoon ground star anise\
8 ounces granulated sugar\
7 ounces light brown sugar\
3 large eggs, at room temperature\
1 teaspoon vanilla extract\
2 Granny Smith apples, about 8 ounces each, 1/4-inch dice\
3 ounces pecans, chopped\
1 1/2 ounces crystallized ginger, finely chopped\

\b\fs62 Glaze
\b0\fs66 \
6 ounces powdered sugar\
4 teaspoons dark rum\
Turbinado sugar, for sprinkling\
\

\b\fs72 Directions
\b0\fs66 \

\b\fs62 Cake:
\b0\fs66  Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Lightly butter a bundt pan and dust with flour, tapping out the excess.\
Whisk the flour, baking soda, salt and spices together in a large bowl.\
Combine the butter, granulated sugar and brown sugar in the bowl of a stand mixer and, using the paddle attachment, beat on medium until the mixture is pale and fluffy, about 3 minutes.\
Whisk together the eggs and vanilla and slowly add, with the mixer on low speed, to the butter and sugar. Add the flour one-third at a time and beat on low just until combined after each addition. Stir in the apples, pecans and ginger.\
Transfer the batter to the prepared bundt pan; the batter is thick and will fill the pan. Bake for 75 minutes, rotating the pan after 30 minutes. The cake is done when it pulls away from the sides of the pan, springs back when pressed and the internal temperature reaches 205 degrees F.\
Cool the cake in the pan on a rack for 30 minutes. Invert and remove the cake from the pan. Cool completely on the rack before glazing.\

\b\fs62 Glaze:
\b0\fs66  Combine the powdered sugar, rum and 1 tablespoon water in a small mixing bowl and whisk until smooth. Pour the glaze onto the bundt cake and sprinkle with turbinado sugar. Let the glaze set for at least 30 minutes before serving\
\
}