{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;
\f3\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red239\green23\blue58;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid4}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww20640\viewh20280\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl500\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs88 \cf0 Buttermilk Bundt Cake with Lemon Glaze
\b0\fs66 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\fs46 \cf0 SERVINGS:
\b   
\b0 10
\b \
\pard\tx560\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f2\b0\fs58 \cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl200\ql\qnatural

\f1\b\fs64 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd4\expndtw20
CAKE
\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl300\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f3\fs70 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	.	}1 1/2 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature, plus more for greasing\
{\listtext	.	}3 1/2 cups all-purpose flour, plus more for dusting\
{\listtext	.	}3/4 teaspoon fine salt\
{\listtext	.	}1/2 teaspoon baking soda\
{\listtext	.	}3/4 cup vegetable shortening, at room temperature\
{\listtext	.	}2 1/2 cups granulated sugar\
{\listtext	.	}4 large eggs, at room temperature\
{\listtext	.	}2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract\
{\listtext	.	}1 cup buttermilk, at room temperature\
{\listtext	.	}3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl200\ql\qnatural

\f1\b\fs64 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd4\expndtw20
GLAZE
\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl300\ql\qnatural
\ls3\ilvl0
\f3\fs70 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	.	}1 cup confectioners\'92 sugar\
{\listtext	.	}1/2 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest\
{\listtext	.	}2 1/2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice\
{\listtext	.	}1 teaspoon unsalted butter, melted\
{\listtext	.	}Pinch of fine salt\
\ls3\ilvl0
\b 		\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl420\ql\qnatural
\ls4\ilvl0
\f0\b0\fs72 \cf0 		Preheat the oven to 325\'b0. Generously butter a 10-inch Bundt pan and dust with flour. \
    
\b CAKE
\b0   In a medium bowl, whisk the 3 1/2 cups of flour with the salt and baking soda. In a stand mixer fitted with the paddle, beat the 1 1/2 sticks of butter with the shortening at medium-high speed until smooth. Add the granulated sugar and beat until light and fluffy, about 2 minutes. At medium speed, beat in the eggs 1 at a time until just incorporated, then beat in the vanilla; scrape down the side of the bowl. Beat in the dry ingredients and buttermilk in 3 alternating batches, starting and ending with the dry ingredients. At low speed, beat in the lemon juice. 
\b \
\ls4\ilvl0
\b0 		Scrape the batter into the prepared  Bundt pan and use a spatula to smooth  the surface. Bake in the middle of the oven \uc0\u8232 for about 1 hour and 15 minutes, rotating the pan halfway through baking, until a toothpick inserted in the center of the \u8232 cake comes out clean. Let the cake cool on a rack for 30 minutes, then turn it out on a platter or cake stand to cool completely.
\b \
\ls4\ilvl0
\b0 		
\b GLAZE
\b0   In a medium bowl, whisk the confectioners\'92 sugar with the lemon zest, lemon juice, butter and salt until smooth. Drizzle the glaze over the top of the cake, letting it drip down the sides. Let stand for 20 minutes until the glaze is set. Cut the cake into wedges and serve. \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl420\ql\qnatural
\ls4\ilvl0
\b \cf0 		\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs64 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd4\expndtw20
        
\f0\b0\fs72 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
}