{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red59\green58\blue49;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww18380\viewh19260\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa240\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs62 \cf2 Chocolate Sour Cream Bundt Cake
\fs42  
\b0\fs36 \
Serves 16\

\fs48 For the cake:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}1 cup cocoa powder, sifted, plus more for dusting pan\
{\listtext	\'95	}7 1/2 oz. semisweet chocolate, finely chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup boiling water\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 1/4 cups all-purpose flour\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 tsp. baking soda\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/4 tsp. kosher salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}20 Tbsp. (2 1/2 sticks) unsalted butter\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 1/2 cups firmly packed light brown sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}5 eggs, lightly beaten\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 tsp. vanilla extract\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 cups sour cream\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 cups semisweet chocolate chips\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa240\ql\qnatural
\cf2 For the ganache:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}6 oz. semisweet chocolate, finely chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 Tbsp. unsalted butter\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup heavy cream\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa240\qj
\cf2 Have all the ingredients at room temperature.\
Preheat an oven to 325 degrees F. Grease the Anniversary Bundt Cake Pan and dust with cocoa powder; tap out the excess.\
To make the cake, in a bowl, combine the 1 cup cocoa powder and the chocolate. Add the boiling water and whisk until the chocolate melts and the mixture is smooth and blended. Set aside.\
Over a sheet of parchment, sift together the flour, baking soda and salt. Set aside.\
In the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the flat beater, beat the butter on medium speed until smooth and creamy, 30 to 45 seconds. Reduce the speed to low, add the brown sugar and beat until blended. Increase the speed to medium and continue beating until the mixture is light and fluffy, about 5 minutes, stopping the mixer occasionally to scrape down the sides of the bowl. Add the eggs a little at a time, beating until incorporated before adding more and stopping the mixer occasionally to scrape down the sides of the bowl. Beat in the vanilla until incorporated, about 1 minute.\
Reduce the speed to low and add the flour mixture in three additions, alternating with the sour cream and beginning and ending with the flour, beating just until blended and no lumps of flour remain. Slowly pour in the chocolate-cocoa mixture and beat until no white streaks are visible, stopping the mixer occasionally to scrape down the sides of the bowl. Using a rubber spatula, gently fold in the chocolate chips.\
Pour the batter into the prepared pan, spreading the batter so the sides are about 1 inch higher than the center. Bake until a toothpick inserted into the center of the cake comes out with only a few moist crumbs attached to it, 60 to 65 minutes. Transfer the pan to a wire rack and let the cake cool upright in the pan for 15 minutes. Invert the pan onto the rack and lift off the pan. Let the cake cool completely, at least 1 hour.\
Meanwhile make the ganache: In a heatproof bowl, combine the chocolate and butter. In a small saucepan over medium-high heat, bring the cream just to a boil. Immediately pour the cream over the chocolate and butter. Whisk until the melt and the mixture is smooth.\
Pour the ganache over the top of the cake, allowing the ganache, to drip down the sides. Let the cake stand until the ganache is set, at least 15 minutes.\

\b NOTE:
\b0  
\fs50 This makes a ton of batter and is designed to fit into a NordicWare 15-cup Bundt Pan.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\fs64 \cf2 \
}