{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red61\green63\blue63;\red71\green155\blue220;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13820\viewh14420\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa120\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs50 \cf2 Chocolate Bundt Cake
\b\fs36 \cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa160\ql\qnatural
\cf3 INGREDIENTS\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf2 Makes 1 large cake.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b \cf2 		CAKE
\b0 \
		1 cup (2 sticks) unsalted butter, softened\
		1 1/2 cups sugar\
		4 large eggs\
		1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract\
		2 1/2 cups all-purpose flour\
		1/2 cup unsweetened cocoa powder\
		1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon\
		1 teaspoon baking soda\
		1 teaspoon coarse salt\
		1/2 cup chopped semisweet chocolate\
		1/2 cup chopped walnuts (optional)\
		1 cup buttermilk\
\ls1\ilvl0
\b 		GLAZE
\b0 \
		1 cup finely chopped unsweetened chocolate\
		1/2 cup sugar\
		1/3 cup (5 1/3 tablespoons) unsalted butter\
		2/3 cup heavy cream\
		2 tablespoons rum or brandy (optional)\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
\cf2 	
\b \cf3 \
DIRECTIONS\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\b0 \cf2 {\listtext	1.	}Preheat the oven to 325 degrees Fahrenheit. Butter a 12-cup Bundt pan.\
{\listtext	2.	}To make the cake, in a large bowl, cream together the butter and sugar. Beat in the eggs, one at a time, and the vanilla. Scrape down the sides of the bowl.\
{\listtext	3.	}In a separate bowl, whisk together the flour, cocoa, cinnamon, baking soda, and salt. Toss in the chopped chocolate and the walnuts, if using.\
{\listtext	4.	}Into the butter mixture, alternately add the flour mixture and the buttermilk in three additions, ending with the flour. Mix just until everything is blended together; don't overmix.\
{\listtext	5.	}Spoon the batter evenly into the Bundt pan and smooth the top of the batter. Bake for about 55 to 60 minutes, or until a cake tester or a toothpick inserted into the cake comes out clean. Let the cake cool in the pan briefly. Turn out onto a cake plate to cool completely.\
{\listtext	6.	}For the glaze, place a heatproof bowl over a pot of simmering water. Add the glaze ingredients and stir to melt and combine. Drizzle over the top of the cooled cake and let the glaze set, 15 to 20 minutes, before serving.}