{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red239\green23\blue58;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww18520\viewh20260\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl600\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b\fs64 \cf0 Double-Chocolate Bundt Cake with Ganache Glaze
\f1\fs36 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs32 \cf0 SERVINGS: 
\b0 10 TO 12 SERVINGS
\b\fs52 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl300\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0  \
{\listtext	
\b0 .	}5 ounces bittersweet chocolate, chopped\
{\listtext	.	}3/4 cup canola oil\
{\listtext	.	}1 cup sugar\
{\listtext	.	}1 large egg\
{\listtext	.	}2 cups all-purpose flour\
{\listtext	.	}1/2 cup Dutch-process cocoa powder\
{\listtext	.	}1 tablespoon baking soda\
{\listtext	.	}3/4 teaspoon salt\
{\listtext	.	}1 cup strong-brewed coffee\
{\listtext	.	}1 cup buttermilk\
{\listtext	.	}1/3 cup heavy cream\
{\listtext	.	}1/2 tablespoon corn syrup\
{\listtext	.	}1/2 tablespoon unsalted butter\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl420\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f0\fs54 \cf0 	\
  	Preheat the oven to 350\'b0. Spray a 12-cup Bundt pan with vegetable oil spray. In a small saucepan, melt 2 ounces of the chopped chocolate over low heat, stirring constantly. Scrape the chocolate into a medium bowl and let cool slightly. Whisk in the oil and sugar until smooth, then whisk in the egg.
\b \
\ls2\ilvl0
\b0 		In a small bowl, whisk the flour, cocoa powder, baking soda and salt. Add half of the dry ingredients to the chocolate mixture along with 1/2 cup of the coffee and 1/2 cup of the buttermilk; whisk until smooth. Add the remaining dry ingredients, coffee and buttermilk and whisk until smooth.
\b \
\ls2\ilvl0
\b0 		Pour the batter into the prepared pan and bake in the lower third of the oven for about 45 minutes, or until a toothpick inserted in the center of the cake comes out with a few moist crumbs attached. Let the cake cool on a rack for 10 minutes, then turn it out and let cool completely.
\b \
\ls2\ilvl0
\b0 		In a small saucepan, bring the cream to a boil. In a heatproof bowl, combine the remaining 3 ounces of chopped chocolate with the corn syrup and butter. Pour the hot cream over the chocolate and let stand until melted, about 5 minutes. Whisk until smooth. Let the ganache glaze cool until thick but still pourable, about 5 minutes.
\b \
\ls2\ilvl0
\b0 		Pour the ganache over the cooled cake.Let the cake stand until the glaze is set, at least 30 minutes, before serving.
\b \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl200\ql\qnatural

\f1\b\fs46 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd4\expndtw20
SUGGESTED PAIRING\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs50 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Powerful Ruby Port.}