{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red84\green84\blue84;\red51\green51\blue51;\red0\green101\blue159;
}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid4}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl520\sa80\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs70 \cf0 Ginger-Rum Bundt Cake
\fs66 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs40 \cf2 Yield:  \cf0 10 to 12 servings
\b \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\ql\qnatural

\fs52 \cf0 INGREDIENTS\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs48 \cf0 FOR THE CAKE
\b0 \
{\listtext	\'95	}3 cups all purpose flour\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 teaspoons baking powder\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon table salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}3/4 cup whole milk, room temperature\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon freshly grated ginger\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon vanilla extract\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}2 sticks unsalted butter, room temperature\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup granulated sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup packed golden brown sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 large eggs, room temperature\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 large egg yolks, room temperature\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls3\ilvl0
\b \cf0 FOR THE SYRUP
\b0 \
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup dark rum\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup water\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup granulated sugar\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls4\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon freshly grated ginger\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\ql\qnatural

\b\fs52 \cf0 DIRECTIONS\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa160\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs48 \cf3 Heat oven to 350 degrees F and arrange a rack in the lower third. Brush a 12-cup {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/bundt-pan/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 Bundt pan}} thoroughly with melted butter, coat with flour, and tap out the excess.  \uc0\u8232 Whisk together flour, baking powder, and salt in a medium bowl until evenly combined; set aside. Whisk together {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/milk/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 milk}}, ginger, and vanilla in a second small bowl until evenly combined. \uc0\u8232 Combine butter and sugar in a the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with a paddle attachment and beat on medium speed until mixture resembles wet sand and is light, about 3 minutes. Add {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/eggs/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 eggs}} one at a time until incorporated and mixture is smooth. Scrape down {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/mixer/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 mixer}} and sides of bowl. Reduce mixer to low, add 1/3 flour mixture and whisk until just moistened through. Whisk in 1/2 milk mixture and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/whisk/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 whisk}} until just moistened. Repeat until all ingredients are added, ending with flour. Transfer batter to prepared Bundt pan and smooth out so {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/batter/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 batter}} is even. \
Bake until cake is set, golden brown, and a >cake tester inserted in middle comes out clean, about 50 minutes. Transfer to a rack, let cool 10 minutes, then invert onto a wire rack, remove from pan, and let cool completely. Combine all ingredients in a small saucepan and place over medium heat. Bring to a boil and cook until slightly syrupy, about 5 minutes. Strain and set aside to cool slightly. \uc0\u8232 When cake is at room temperature, use a skewer to poke holes all over the top. Drizzle the syrup into the holes in the cake, small spoonful by spoonful, making sure it goes into the cake and doesn't flow down. Let sit at least 4 hours so the syrup can soak into the cake.\
}