{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red223\green72\blue28;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15060\viewh16100\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs64 \cf0 Glazed Lemon Pound Cake
\fs42 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl20\sa320\ql\qnatural

\f1\b \cf0 16 servings\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural

\f0\b0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li300\ri1020\sl360\ql\qnatural

\b\fs56 \cf0 Cake\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural
\cf2 2 cups
\b0\fs54 \cf0  sugar
\fs52 \

\b\fs56 \cf2 1 cup
\b0\fs52 \cf0  butter
\fs54 , softened
\fs52 \

\b\fs56 \cf2 4
\b0\fs52 \cf0  
\fs50 eggs
\fs52 \

\b\fs56 \cf2 3 cups
\b0\fs54 \cf0  all-purpose flour
\fs52 \

\b\fs56 \cf2 1/2 teaspoon
\b0\fs54 \cf0  baking powder
\fs52 \

\b\fs56 \cf2 1/2 teaspoon
\b0\fs54 \cf0  baking soda
\fs52 \

\b\fs56 \cf2 1/2 teaspoon
\b0\fs54 \cf0  salt
\fs52 \

\b\fs56 \cf2 3/4 cup
\b0\fs54 \cf0  buttermilk*
\fs52 \

\b\fs56 \cf2 1 tablespoon
\b0\fs54 \cf0  freshly grated lemon zest
\fs52 \

\b\fs56 \cf2 1 tablespoon
\b0\fs54 \cf0  lemon juice
\fs52 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li300\ri1020\sl360\ql\qnatural

\b\fs56 \cf0 Glaze\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural
\cf2 1 1/4 cups
\b0\fs54 \cf0  powdered sugar
\fs52 \

\b\fs56 \cf2 2 teaspoons
\b0\fs54 \cf0  lemon juice
\fs52 \

\b\fs56 \cf2 1 to 2 tablespoons
\b0\fs54 \cf0  milk\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl20\ql\qnatural

\b\fs72 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs52 \cf0 Heat oven to 325\'b0F. Grease and flour 12-cup Bundt\'ae pan or 10-inch tube pan; set aside. \
Combine sugar and butter in large bowl at medium speed, scraping bowl often, until creamy. Continue beating, adding 
\i 1
\i0  egg at a time, until well mixed. \
Reduce speed to low. Beat, gradually adding flour, baking powder, baking soda and salt alternately with buttermilk and scraping bowl often, until well mixed. Add lemon zest and 1 tablespoon lemon juice. Continue beating until well mixed.\
Spoon batter into prepared pan. Bake for 55 to 65 minutes or until toothpick inserted in center comes out clean. Cool in pan 10 minutes.\'a0\'a0 Invert onto serving plate; cool completely.\
Stir together powdered sugar, 2 teaspoons lemon juice and enough milk for desired glazing consistency in small bowl. Drizzle over cooled cake.\
\
*Substitute 2 teaspoons vinegar plus enough milk to equal 3/4 cup. Let stand 5 minutes. }