{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red51\green51\blue51;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11220\viewh9720\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl640\sa220\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs58 \cf2 Key Lime Bundt Cake
\fs56 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa200\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs44 \cf2 Best made the day before. \uc0\u8232 
\fs48 \uc0\u8232 
\fs52 3 cups sifted all-purpose flour\uc0\u8232 2 tsps baking powder\u8232 1/2 tsp salt\u8232 8 oz unsalted butter, at room temp.\u8232 2 cups sugar\u8232 5 large eggs\u8232 1 cup milk\u8232 zest of 3 key limes (finely grated)\u8232 Glaze:\u8232 1/2 cup fresh key lime juice\u8232 3/4 cup sugar\u8232 \u8232 Oven 350 degrees\u8232 Butter 10 inch tube pan.\u8232 Sift together flour, baking powder, salt and set aside.\u8232 Beat butter till soft, gradually add sugar, beat 'till light & fluffy. Beat in eggs one at a time, scraping down bowl after each addition.\u8232 On lowest speed, alternately add dry ingredients & milk, scraping bowl as necessary and beating just to mix each addition.\u8232 Stir in lime zest by hand.\u8232 Pour the batter into bundt pan. Level top of batter. Bake until cake tester comes out clean, about 1 1/4 hours. Let cool slightly on wire rack, about 10 to15 minutes.\u8232 Stir lime juice and sugar together just to mix.\u8232 Place cake rack on tube pan and invert and place rack over foil. Using pastry brush, brush glaze all over warm cake until completely absorbed. Brush on any glaze that drips onto foil.\u8232 Let cake cool completely & transfer to cake platter. Let stand loosely covered for several hours or preferably over night. When ready, outside of cake will be completely dry.}