{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red67\green67\blue67;\red255\green85\blue0;\red92\green92\blue92;
}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww20340\viewh18940\viewkind0
\deftab720

\itap1\trowd \taflags4 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clwWidth5600\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl820\sa640\qj
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b\fs80 \cf2 LEMON CAKE
\f1\fs42 \cf3 	
\f2\fs46 \cell \lastrow\row
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\qj
\ls2\ilvl0
\b0\fs58 \cf4 		     
\b\fs64 \cf3 Cake
\b0\fs58 \cf4 \
		2 1/2 cups granulated sugar\
		1/2 pound (2 sticks) unsalted butter\
		1/3 cup grated lemon zest (6 to 8 large lemons)\
		4 eggs\
		3 cups flour\
		1/2 spoon baking soda\
		1 spoon baking powder\
		1 teaspoon salt\
		3/4 cup buttermilk\
		3/4 cup freshly squeezed lemon juice\
		1 teaspoon untainted vanilla extract\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl620\qj
\ls2\ilvl0
\b\fs64 \cf3 		     Glaze  
\b0\fs58 \cf4 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\qj
\ls2\ilvl0\cf4 		2 cups confectioners' sugar\
		3 1/2 tablespoons lemon juice\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl460\sa400\qj
\cf4 \
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. \
Butter and flour a bundt pan. Place the butter and 2 cups granulated sugar in the bowl of an electric mixer fixed with the paddle attachment, mix until light and fluffy, about 5 minutes. Add in the eggs, 1 at a time, and the lemon zest.\
Place the flour, baking soda, baking powder and salt in a bowl. In another bowl, mix 1/4 cup lemon juice, vanilla and the buttermilk. Add the flour and buttermilk mixtures alternately to the batter, beginning and ending with the flour. Pour the batter into the bundt pan, smooth the top, and bake for 45 minutes to 1 hour, until a cake tester comes out clean.\
Combine 1/2 cup granulated sugar with 1/2 cup lemon juice in a small saucepan and cook on low heat until the sugar dissolves. After removing cake from oven, allow to cool for 10 minutes. Invert the cake from the pan and set on a rack over a tray; spoon the warm lemon juice over the cake. Allow the cake to cool completely.\
For the glaze, mix the confectioners' sugar and the lemon juice in a bowl. Whisk until smooth. Pour over the top of the cake and drizzle down the sides.\
}