{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;\f1\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red153\green153\blue153;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww19340\viewh17900\viewkind0
\deftab1134
\pard\pardeftab1134\sl360\sa240\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 Lemon Bundt Cake
\f1\fs36 \
\pard\pardeftab1134\sl360\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs34 \cf0 Serves 12 to 14\
\pard\pardeftab1134\sl360\sa360\ql\qnatural

\i\b0 \cf0 You will need between five and six tablespoons of lemon juice for this recipe. Because the amount of juice can vary from lemon to lemon, we suggest you first measure the juice from the three lemons you have zested, then juice a fourth lemon if necessary. Serve this cake as is or dress it up with lightly sweetened berries. The cake has a light, fluffy texture when eaten the day it is baked, but if well wrapped and held at room temperature overnight its texture becomes more dense\'97like that of pound cake\'97the following day.\
\pard\pardeftab1134\sl360\ql\qnatural

\i0\b\fs42 \cf0 INGREDIENTS\
\pard\pardeftab1134\ql\qnatural
\cf0 CAKE
\f1\b0\fs44 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab1134\li720\fi-720\ri-612\sl520\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs42 \cf0 		          3
\b0  lemons , zest grated and saved,   \
                  then juiced for 3 tablespoons juice  \
                  (see note above)
\f1\fs44 \
\pard\pardeftab1134\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs42 \cf0 		3
\b0  cups unbleached all-purpose flour (15 ounces)
\f1\fs44 \

\f0\b\fs42 		1
\b0  teaspoon baking powder
\f1\fs44 \

\f0\b\fs42 		1/2
\b0  teaspoon baking soda
\f1\fs44 \

\f0\b\fs42 		1
\b0  teaspoon table salt
\f1\fs44 \

\f0\b\fs42 		1
\b0  teaspoon vanilla extract
\f1\fs44 \

\f0\b\fs42 		3/4
\b0  cup low-fat buttermilk (preferably)
\f1\fs44 \

\f0\b\fs42 		3
\b0  large eggs , at room temperature
\f1\fs44 \

\f0\b\fs42 		1
\b0  large egg yolk , at room temperature
\f1\fs44 \

\f0\b\fs42 		18
\b0  tablespoons unsalted butter (2 1/4 sticks), at room temperature
\f1\fs44 \

\f0\b\fs42 		2
\b0  cups sugar (14 ounces)
\f1\fs44 \
\pard\pardeftab1134\sl360\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs42 \cf0 GLAZE\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab1134\li720\fi-720\ri-612\sl520\ql\qnatural
\cf0 		           2 - 3
\b0  tablespoons fresh lemon juice  \
                  (see note above)
\f1\fs44 \
\pard\pardeftab1134\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs42 \cf0 		1
\b0  tablespoon buttermilk
\f1\fs44 \

\f0\b\fs42 		2
\b0  cups confectioners' sugar (8 ounces)
\f1\fs44 \
\pard\pardeftab1134\sl360\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs42 \cf0 INSTRUCTIONS\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab1134\li720\fi-720\ri-7952\sl360\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf0 		1. 
\b FOR THE CAKE:
\b0  Adjust oven rack to lower-middle position; heat oven to 350 degrees. Spray 12-cup Bundt pan with nonstick baking spray with flour (alternatively, brush pan with mixture of 1 tablespoon flour and 1 tablespoon melted butter). Mince lemon zest to fine paste (you should have about 2 tablespoons). Combine zest and lemon juice in small bowl; set aside to soften, 10 to 15 minutes. 
\f1\fs44 \

\f0\fs42 		2. Whisk flour, baking powder, baking soda, and salt in large bowl. Combine lemon juice mixture, vanilla, and buttermilk in medium bowl. In small bowl, gently whisk eggs and yolk to combine. In standing mixer fitted with flat beater, cream butter and sugar at medium-high speed until pale and fluffy, about 3 minutes; scrape down sides of bowl with rubber spatula. Reduce to medium speed and add half of eggs, mixing until incorporated, about 15 seconds. Repeat with remaining eggs; scrape down bowl again. Reduce to low speed; add about one-third of flour mixture, followed by half of buttermilk mixture, mixing until just incorporated after each addition (about 5 seconds). Repeat using half of remaining flour mixture and all of remaining buttermilk mixture. Scrape bowl and add remaining flour mixture; mix at medium-low speed until batter is thoroughly combined, about 15 seconds. Remove bowl from mixer and fold batter once or twice with rubber spatula to incorporate any remaining flour. Scrape into prepared pan.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab1134\li720\fi-720\ri-7952\ql\qnatural
\cf0 		3. Bake until top is golden brown and wooden skewer or toothpick inserted into center comes out with no crumbs attached, 45 to 50 minutes. 
\f1\fs44 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab1134\li720\fi-720\ri-7952\sl360\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs42 \cf0 		4. 
\b FOR THE GLAZE:
\b0  While cake is baking, whisk 2 tablespoons lemon juice, buttermilk, and confectioners' sugar until smooth, adding more lemon juice gradually as needed until glaze is thick but still pourable (mixture should leave faint trail across bottom of mixing bowl when drizzled from whisk). Cool cake in pan on wire rack set over baking sheet for 10 minutes, then invert cake directly onto rack. Pour half of glaze over warm cake and let cool for 1 hour; pour remaining glaze evenly over top of cake and continue to cool to room temperature, at least 2 hours. Cut into slices and serve.
\f1\fs44 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab1134\li720\fi-720\ri-7952\sl500\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs42 \cf0 TECHNIQUE\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab1134\li720\fi-720\ri-7952\sl320\ql\qnatural
\cf0 		LEMON ANATOMY 101\uc0\u8232 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab1134\li720\fi-720\ri-7952\sl400\sa360\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf0 		What is the best source of lemon flavor? It all depends on the context. Lemon juice is acidic and tart, but that brightness is lost when exposed to heat; it's best used uncooked. (In baked items, juice provides tenderness only.) Better for baking is the thin, yellow zest layer, which contains floral, lemony oils. But avoid the bitter white pith, just beneath the zest.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab1134\li720\fi-720\ri-7952\sl360\ql\qnatural
\cf2 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab1134\li720\fi-720\ri-7952\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs44 \cf0 \
}