{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red184\green56\blue44;\red88\green89\blue91;\red51\green51\blue51;
}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13080\viewh18800\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs50 \cf2 Lemon Bundt Cake With Lemon Glaze\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs32 \cf3 Servings:  12\

\b\fs24 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\fs42 \cf2 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0\fs40 \cf3 {\listtext	\'95	}CAKE:\
{\listtext	\'95	}18 1/2 ounces lemon cake mix \
{\listtext	\'95	}3 ounces (4-serving box) lemon instant pudding mix\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup vegetable oil\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup water\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 eggs\
{\listtext	\'95	}GLAZE:\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup powdered sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs42 \cf2 Directions\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0\fs40 \cf3 {\listtext	\'95	}Preheat oven to 350\'b0F.\
{\listtext	\'95	}Mix all cake ingredients thoroughly and pour into a well-greased and floured bundt pan. Bake 45-50 minutes.\
{\listtext	\'95	}While cake is baking, mix together the glaze ingredients.\
{\listtext	\'95	}When cake is done, remove from oven and allow to cool for 10-15 minutes. Then remove from bundt pan onto a serving plate.\
{\listtext	\'95	}Poke holes about 2" apart all the way around the cake with a skewer, pour warm glaze over the top of the cake.\
\pard\tx560\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural
\cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa200\ql\qnatural

\f1\b\fs58 \cf4 Glazed Lemon Bundt Cake
\b0\fs42 \

\i\fs32 from Cooks Illustrated
\i0\fs26 \

\fs36 \

\fs42 3 lemons, zest grated and saved, then juiced for 3 tablespoons juice
\fs36 \

\fs42 3 cups unbleached all-purpose flour (15 ounces)
\fs36 \

\fs42 1 teaspoon baking powder
\fs36 \

\fs42 1/2 teaspoon baking soda
\fs36 \

\fs42 1 teaspoon table salt
\fs36 \

\fs42 1 teaspoon vanilla extract
\fs36 \

\fs42 3/4 cup low-fat buttermilk (preferably)
\fs36 \

\fs42 3 large eggs, at room temperature
\fs36 \

\fs42 1 large egg yolk, at room temperature
\fs36 \

\fs42 18 tablespoons unsalted butter (2 1/4 sticks), at room temperature
\fs36 \

\fs42 2 cups sugar (14 ounces)
\fs36 \

\fs42 GLAZE
\fs36 \

\fs42 2 - 3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice
\fs36 \

\fs42 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted
\fs36 \

\fs42 2 cups confectioners' sugar (8 ounces)
\fs36 \

\fs42 2 teaspoons grated lemon zest
\fs36 \

\fs42 FOR THE CAKE:
\fs36 \

\fs42 1. Adjust oven rack to lower-middle position; heat oven to 350 degrees. Spray 12-cup Bundt pan with nonstick baking spray with flour (alternatively, brush pan with mixture of 1 tablespoon flour and 1 tablespoon melted butter). Mince lemon zest to fine paste (you should have about 2 tablespoons). Combine zest and lemon juice in small bowl; set aside to soften, 10 to 15 minutes.
\fs36 \

\fs42 2. Whisk flour, baking powder, baking soda, and salt in large bowl. Combine lemon juice mixture, vanilla, and buttermilk in medium bowl. In small bowl, gently whisk eggs and yolk to combine. In standing mixer fitted with flat beater, cream butter and sugar at medium-high speed until pale and fluffy, about 3 minutes; scrape down sides of bowl with rubber spatula. Reduce to medium speed and add half of eggs, mixing until incorporated, about 15 seconds. Repeat with remaining eggs; scrape down bowl again. Reduce to low speed; add about one-third of flour mixture, followed by half of buttermilk mixture, mixing until just incorporated after each addition (about 5 seconds). Repeat using half of remaining flour mixture and all of remaining buttermilk mixture. Scrape bowl and add remaining flour mixture; mix at medium-low speed until batter is thoroughly combined, about 15 seconds. Remove bowl from mixer and fold batter once or twice with rubber spatula to incorporate any remaining flour. Scrape into prepared pan.
\fs36 \

\fs42 3. Bake until top is golden brown and wooden skewer or toothpick inserted into center comes out with no crumbs attached, 45 to 50 minutes.
\fs36 \

\fs42 4. FOR THE GLAZE: While cake is baking, whisk 2 tablespoons lemon juice, melted butter, and confectioners' sugar until smooth, adding more lemon juice gradually as needed until glaze is thick but still pourable (mixture should leave faint trail across bottom of mixing bowl when drizzled from whisk). Cool cake in pan on wire rack set over baking sheet for 10 minutes, then invert cake directly onto rack. Pour half of glaze over warm cake and let cool for 1 hour; pour remaining glaze evenly over top of cake and continue to cool to room temperature, at least 2 hours. Cut into slices and serve.
\f0\fs32 \cf3 \
}