{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww19580\viewh21280\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs58 \cf0 Lemon Yogurt Bundt Cake with Limoncello Glaze\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\fs42 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf0 Preheat oven to 350 degrees. \
Liberally coat with baking spray, or thoroughly grease and flour, one 9" bundt pan.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b\fs50 \cf0 Ingredients \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf0 2 and 2/3 cups all-purpose flour\
1/2 tsp. baking soda\
1/4 tsp. salt\
1 cup (2 sticks) unsalted butter, softened\
1 and 3/4 cups granulated sugar\
1 Tbsp. grated lemon zest\
4 eggs, large\
1 cup and 1 Tbsp. plain Greek style yogurt\
3 Tbsp. whole milk \
5 Tbsp. freshly squeezed lemon juice\
3/4 to 1 cup confectioners' sugar\
4 Tbsp. limoncello (lemon flavored liqueur)\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 Directions
\b0 \
In a medium bowl, sift together the flour, baking soda, and salt. Set aside.\
\
In another small bowl, stir together the yogurt and the milk just until smooth. \
\
In a stand mixer, using the paddle attachment, cream together the butter, sugar, and lemon zest for about 5 minutes, until smooth and light. Stop to scrape the bowl periodically. \
\
Add in the eggs one a time, still at medium speed, scraping down the bowl between each addition. Mix well after each egg.\
\
On low speed, add in the flour mixture alternately with the yogurt in three additions. Mix just until incorporated. Increase the speed to medium and mix for 2 minutes more, until the entire mixture is smooth and light. \
\
Add in 3 Tbsp. of the lemon juice and 1 Tbsp. of the limoncello. Blend just until evenly mixed, no more than 30 seconds.\
\
Pour the batter evenly into your pan; smooth the top of the batter. \
\
Bake until a toothpick inserted in the center of the cake emerges clean, approximately one hour.  Let the cake cool completely in the pan before attempting to remove it. \
\
To make the glaze, mix the confectioners' sugar, 2 Tbsp. of lemon juice and 3 Tbsp. of limoncello in a small bowl and stir until any lumps are completely gone. If you'd like the glaze thicker, just stir in a bit more confectioners' sugar until it's the texture you prefer. \'a0 \
\
To apply the glaze, place the cooled cake on a cooling rack set over a rimmed baking sheet. Using a spoon, drizzle the glaze liberally over each cake, allowing it to drip down the sides. Let the icing set for about 15 minutes before moving the cake. \
\
\
\
\
\
}