{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red51\green51\blue51;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16000\viewh17420\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa360\qc

\f0\b\fs56 \cf2 Meyer Lemon Bundt Cake
\b0\fs28 \uc0\u8232 
\fs36 Serves 12-14
\fs46 \
3 cups all purpose flour\uc0\u8232 1 tsp baking powder\u8232 1/2 tsp baking soda\u8232 1/2 tsp salt\u8232 3/4 cup butter, room temperature\u8232 1 1/2 cups sugar\u8232 3 large eggs\u8232 2 tbsp Meyer lemon zest\u8232 1/2 cup Meyer lemon juice\u8232 1/2 cup buttermilk\
2 tbsp Meyer lemon juice\uc0\u8232 1 cup confectioners sugar\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa360\ql\qnatural
\cf2 Preheat oven to 350F. Grease and flour a 10 or 12 cup bundt pan.\uc0\u8232 In a medium bowl, whisk together flour, baking powder, baking soda and salt.\u8232 In a large bowl, cream together butter and sugar until fluffy. Beat in eggs, one at a time, followed by lemon zest. Stir 1/3 of the flour mixture into the butter mixture, followed by the Meyer lemon juice. Add in additional 1/3 of the flour mixture, followed by the buttermilk. Stir in all remaining flour, mixing only until no streaks of flour remain visible. Pour into prepared pan.\u8232 Bake for 40-45 minutes, until a toothpick inserted into the center of the cake comes out clean or with only a few moist crumbs attached.\u8232 Let cake rest in pan for 15 minutes, then turn out on to a wire rack to cool completely.\
For the glaze, whisk together lemon juice and confectioners\'92 sugar in a small bowl. Drizzle over cooled cake.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\ql\qnatural
\cf2 \
}