{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red34\green34\blue34;\red94\green90\blue87;\red0\green171\blue189;
}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15560\viewh14980\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl740\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\fs74 \cf2 Pound Cake with Maple Glaze
\f1\b\fs22 \cf2 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl220\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0\fs32 \cf3 Makes one cake\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl220\ql\qnatural
\cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl460\sa200\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs58 \cf2 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\sa120\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\fs42 \cf3 		1 cup unsalted butter, (2 sticks), softened\
		3 cups cake flour, (not self-rising), plus more for pan\
		3 cups granulated sugar\
		6 large eggs, room temperature\
		1 cup heavy cream, room temperature\
		1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract\
		1/2 teaspoon lemon extract\
		1/4 teaspoon almond extract\
		2 tablespoons unsalted butter\
		1/4 cup pure maple syrup\
		1 cup confectioners' sugar\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl460\sa200\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs58 \cf2 Directions\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\sa320\ql\qnatural
\ls3\ilvl0
\f1\fs42 \cf3 {\listtext	.	}Butter and flour a 10-cup bundt pan; set aside.\
{\listtext	.	}Prepare the cake; In the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, combine butter and granulated sugar until fluffy, about 10 minutes. Add eggs, one at a time, mixing well after each addition. Add 1/2 each of the flour and cream, mixing well to combine. Add remaining flour and cream, mixing until incorporated. Stir in vanilla, lemon, and almond extracts.\
{\listtext	.	}Pour batter into prepared baking pan. Transfer to unheated oven; bake at 300 degrees for 1 hour 45 minutes. Let cool on wire rack in pan for 15 minutes. Remove from pan, place cake on wire rack, and let cool completely.\
{\listtext	.	}Prepare the glaze; In a small saucepan, melt butter and syrup together over medium heat. Whisk confectioners' sugar into hot mixture until smooth, and immediately pour over cooled cake.\
}