{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red17\green17\blue17;\red51\green51\blue51;\red44\green103\blue155;
}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12500\viewh12140\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl620\sa180\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs62 \cf0 Salted Caramel Chocolate Bundt Cake 
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\qj

\i\fs42 \cf2 makes a 10" bundt cake\

\f1\i0\b\fs54 \cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa280\ql\qnatural
\cf3 Ingredients
\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl420\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf3 {\listtext	\'95	}1 tsp. vanilla\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup unsalted butter\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup rum\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 large eggs, at room temperature\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 cups granulated white sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 cups brewed coffee\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 cups all-purpose flour\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/4 tsp. of {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.examiner.com/topic/baking"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 baking}} powder\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 tsp. salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup of unsweetened cocoa powder, plus additional for dusting\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa280\ql\qnatural

\b \cf3 Caramel Ingredients
\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl420\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf3 {\listtext	\'95	}1 tsp. kosher salt for topping\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup water\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 tsp. salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tbsp. corn syrup\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup granulated white sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tbsps. unsalted softened butter\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup of warm heavy cream\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tsp. pure vanilla\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa280\ql\qnatural

\b \cf3 Directions
\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl420\ql\qnatural
\ls3\ilvl0\cf3 Pre-heat oven 325 F\
Butter Bundt pan, dust lightly with cocoa and set\
aside.\
In a medium saucepan add butter, coffee, rum and\
cocoa powder.\
Once the butter has melted add sugar and stir until\
dissolved.\
Set mixture aside to cool.\
In a large bowl add flour, salt and baking soda. Set\
aside\
In a small bowl add vanilla, and eggs. Whisk\
ingredients together.\
Slowly whisk the eggs into the chocolate mixture.\
Add flour and mix together thoroughly.\
Pour batter into Bundt pan and bake for 50 minutes.\
Once cake is done remove and put on a wire rack to\
cool for at least one hour.\
In a large heavy pan add water, sugar and corn\
syrup on medium heat.\
While the water mixture is heating use a small pan\
to warm the cream.\
Stir sugar into the water mixture stir frequently until\
sugar is dissolved.\
Once sugar is dissolved allow mixture to sit off of\
the heat for five minutes without stirring.\
After the five minutes is up add cream to sugar\
mixture. Make sure you whisk this mixture\
vigorously.\
Allow to cool for five minutes and stir in vanilla.\
Drizzle Caramel over cooled Bundt cake and\
sprinkle with sea salt.\
}