{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15360\viewh14220\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs58 \cf0 SALTED CARAMEL CHOCOLATE BUNDT CAKE I
\f1\b0\fs60 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f0\i\fs48 \cf0 makes a 10" bundt cake
\f1\i0\fs50 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs52 \cf0 CAKE INGREDIENTS
\f1\fs54 \

\f0\fs52 1 1/2 cups brewed coffee
\f1\fs54 \

\f0\fs52 1 cup unsalted butter
\f1\fs54 \

\f0\fs52 1/2 cup rum
\f1\fs54 \

\f0\fs52 1 cup natural cocoa powder + additional for dusting
\f1\fs54 \

\f0\fs52 2 cups white granulated sugar
\f1\fs54 \

\f0\fs52 2 cups all-purpose flour
\f1\fs54 \

\f0\fs52 1 1/4 tsp baking soda
\f1\fs54 \

\f0\fs52 1/2 tsp salt
\f1\fs54 \

\f0\fs52 2 large eggs
\f1\fs54 \

\f0\fs52 1 tsp vanilla
\f1\fs54 \
\

\f0\fs52 CARAMEL INGREDIENTS
\f1\fs54 \

\f0\fs52 1 cup white granulated sugar
\f1\fs54 \

\f0\fs52 1 tbsp corn syrup
\f1\fs54 \

\f0\fs52 1/4 cup water
\f1\fs54 \

\f0\fs52 1/2 cup heavy cream, warm
\f1\fs54 \

\f0\fs52 2 tbsp unsalted butter, softened
\f1\fs54 \

\f0\fs52 1/2 tsp salt
\f1\fs54 \

\f0\fs52 1 tsp vanilla
\f1\fs54 \

\f0\fs52 1 tsp flake salt for topping
\f1\fs54 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\qj

\f0\fs52 \cf0 Preheat the oven to 325\'baF. 
\f1\fs54 \

\f0\fs52 Brew 1 1/2 cups of coffee. While the coffee is brewing, butter the bundt pan and then dust with cocoa powder. This will help prevent the cake from sticking.
\f1\fs54 \

\f0\fs52 In a medium saucepan, melt the butter with the coffee, rum, and cocoa powder. Stir with a wire whisk. Once the butter has melted, add the sugar and whisk until it has dissolved. Transfer the mixture to a large bowl and set to the side to cool for 5 minutes.
\f1\fs54 \

\f0\fs52 In a bowl, combine the flour, baking soda, and salt. Stir. In a separate bowl, whisk the eggs and vanilla. \'a0
\f1\fs54 \

\f0\fs52 Whisk the eggs into the chocolate mixture. Slowly add the flour and continue to whisk. Once all of the ingredients have been combined you will be left with a bubbly batter with the consistency of soup. 
\f1\fs54 \

\f0\fs52 Pour the batter into the bundt pan and bake for 50 minutes or until a toothpick inserted comes out clean.
\f1\fs54 \

\f0\fs52 Remove the bundt pan from the oven and let cool for one hour. Do not attempt to remove the cake from the pan until it has cooled. It may stick to the sides and ruin the bundt shape. Once cooled, gently run a knife or spatula around the sides. Gently flip the pan over and tap out the cake. 
\f1\fs54 \

\f0\fs52 To make the caramel, in a large pot place the sugar, corn syrup, and water on medium heat. While the caramel is heating, place the cream into a separate small saucepan and heat until warm.
\f1\fs54 \

\f0\fs52 Stir the sugar, corn syrup and water until the sugar has melted. Let the sugar sit without being stirred. Once the caramel has started to boil it will turn a golden brown color within 5 minutes. Once this happens, remove from the stove. This is a very crucial step. It is very easy to burn the caramel at this point. 
\f1\fs54 \

\f0\fs52 Stir in the warm cream and whisk vigorously. Add the salt and butter and continue to whisk until melted. Set to the side and let cool for 5 minutes. Then, whisk in the vanilla. 
\f1\fs54 \

\f0\fs52 Drizzle the caramel over the cake and then sprinkle with salt flakes. 
\f1\fs54 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs52 \cf0  }