{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red103\green87\blue55;\red255\green250\blue240;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs70 \cf2 \cb3 Salted Caramel Bundt Cake
\b0\fs60 \

\fs46 Serves 10-12\

\fs60 \

\b Ingredients
\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl360\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 Cake:\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 cups all purpose flour\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 tsp baking powder\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 tsp baking soda\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 tsp salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/4 cup granulated sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 large eggs\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 tsp vanilla extract\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup nonfat greek yogurt\
Caramel Glaze:\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 stick butter\
{\listtext	\'95	}3/4 cup heavy cream\
{\listtext	\'95	}sea salt\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural
\cf2 \
\

\b Instructions
\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl360\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf2      For the cake:\
     Preheat oven to 350.\'a0 Spray a bundt pan with nonstick baking spray.\
     In a large bowl, whisk together the flour, baking powder, baking soda and salt.\'a0 Set aside.\
     In a stand mixer fitted with a paddle attachment, beat the butter until light and fluffy, about 3 minutes on medium speed.\'a0 Add the sugar and beat until the mixture has paled a bit and is creamy.\'a0 Add the eggs, one at a time, scraping down the bowl after each addition.\'a0 Add the vanilla and mix well.\'a0 Drop in the greek yogurt in 1/4 cup increments, mixing well after each addition.\
{\listtext	5.	}    Add the flour to the mix in three batches, mixing until just combined after each addition.\'a0 Try not to overmix the batter.\
{\listtext	6.	}     Pour the batter into the prepared bundt pan and smooth with a rubber spatula, making sure everything is evenly distributed.\
{\listtext	7.	}     Bake the cake for 50 minutes, or until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean (mine was done faster so start checking at 40 minutes).\
{\listtext	8.	}     Remove cake from the oven and allow it to cool in the pan for 5-10 minutes.\'a0 When it is cool enough to handle, transfer to a wire rack and cool for another hour.\
{\listtext	9.	}\
{\listtext	10.	}     For the caramel glaze:\
{\listtext	11.	}     Pour the sugar into a medium-sized pan and heat on the stove over medium-low heat, allowing the sugar to melt and whisking often., 3-5 minutes.\
{\listtext	12.	}     When the sugar becomes golden brown, add the butter and whisk constantly.\'a0 Once the butter and sugar are well-combed (about 5 minutes), remove from the heat.\
{\listtext	13.	}     Add the cream to the pot with the caramel and stir until the caramel is thick and creamy. Pour the glaze into a bowl and set aside to cool for a bit.\
{\listtext	14.	}     Pour the caramel glaze over the cake and sprinkle with sea salt.\
}