{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww21140\viewh19960\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\sa280\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs64 \cf0 Cinnamon Ice Cream I\

\f1\b\fs42 Yield:  
\b0\fs44 Makes 1 quart\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa260\ql\qnatural

\f2\fs52 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sl320\sa120\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl1
\f1\fs44 \cf0 		2 cups whole milk\
		1 cup heavy cream\
		1 vanilla bean, split and scraped, pod reserved\
		5 large egg yolks\
		1/2 cup sugar\
		1/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon\
		Salt\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\sa120\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 		\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa260\ql\qnatural

\f2\fs52 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\sa360\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\fs44 \cf0 {\listtext	1.	}Heat milk, cream, and vanilla seeds and pod in a medium saucepan over medium heat until bubbles begin to form around edges. Remove from heat, cover, and let cream mixture steep at room temperature for 1 hour.\
{\listtext	2.	}Prepare an ice-water bath. Uncover cream mixture, and reheat until hot but not boiling. Whisk yolks, sugar, cinnamon, and a pinch of salt in a large bowl. Add hot cream mixture in a slow, steady stream, whisking constantly until well combined. Return mixture to saucepan, and stir constantly over medium heat until thick enough to coat the back of a spoon, about 8 minutes. (Do not let the mixture come to a simmer.)\
{\listtext	3.	}Strain mixture through a fine sieve into a bowl. Discard vanilla pod. Set the bowl in the ice-water bath. Let cool, stirring occasionally, until cold, about 20 minutes.\
{\listtext	4.	}Freeze mixture in an ice cream maker according to manufacturer's directions. Transfer to a large container, and freeze until firm, about 1 hour.}