{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red100\green100\blue100;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww20400\viewh17860\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs54 \cf2 Cinnamon Ice Cream
\b0\fs44  \
Makes about 1 quart \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural

\b \cf2 INGREDIENTS
\b0  \
2 cups whole milk \
3 cinnamon sticks \
5 large egg yolks \
3/4 cup sugar, plus 1 teaspoon \
1 cup heavy cream \
1 teaspoon ground cinnamon \
\

\b INSTRUCTIONS
\b0 \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sl360\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl1\cf2 		Heat the milk and cinnamon sticks in a heavy saucepan over medium heat until scalded (small bubbles have formed).\
		In a separate bowl whisk the egg yolks and 3/4 cup sugar until the sugar is dissolved and the yolks are a pale yellow color. Very slowly add the hot milk to the egg yolk mixture, whisking the entire time. If this is done too fast it will cook the egg and little pieces of yolk will be floating in your custard. If this does occur pour this milk/egg mixture through a sieve before proceeding.\
		Return the egg/milk mixture to the saucepan and cook over low heat, stirring constantly with a wooden spoon. It will begin to slowly thicken in 3-4 minutes. To tell if it is done, coat the spoon with the custard and run a finger across the spoon. If the line where your finger was does not break, then it is ready.\
		Remove the custard from the heat and immediately add the heavy cream to stop the cooking. Remove the cinnamon sticks from the custard. In a separate bowl combine the ground cinnamon and 1 teaspoon sugar. Sprinkle the cinnamon mixture into the custard. Allow custard to cool to room temperature.\
		Refrigerate, loosely covered, until chilled. Freeze in an ice cream maker according to manufacturer instructions.}