{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red62\green62\blue62;\red51\green51\blue51;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14480\viewh17420\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl520\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs64 \cf2 Dulce de Leche Ice Cream with Salted\'a0Pecans
\f1\b\fs44 \cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa360\ql\qnatural
\cf3 Ingredients:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl360\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0 \cf3 {\listtext	\'95	}3/4 cups pecan halves\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon butter\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 cups whipping cream (or 2 cups whipping cream & 1 cup milk, if using an ice cream machine)\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 cups dulce de leche\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 teaspoons vanilla\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa360\ql\qnatural

\b \cf3 Preparation:
\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl360\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf3 		Preheat the oven to 325 degrees. \uc0\u8232 \
		Place the pecans in a shallow pan with the butter and salt. Roast the pecans for about 25 minutes, stirring every 5 -10 minutes, until dark brown.\uc0\u8232 \
		Cool pecans on a paper towel, coarsely chop, and set aside. \uc0\u8232 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl360\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\b \cf3 		If you are using an ice cream maker
\b0 , stir 1 cup milk and 2 cups cream together. \uc0\u8232 \
		Soften the dulce de leche and whisk into the milk/cream mixture until well blended. Chill mixture in the refrigerator. \uc0\u8232 \
		When mixture is well chilled, stir in vanilla and a pinch of salt, and freeze mixture in an ice cream maker, according to manufacturer's directions. \uc0\u8232 \
		Fold in chopped pecans, and place mixture in the freezer until it reaches desired consistency. \uc0\u8232 \
\ls2\ilvl0
\b 		To make this recipe without an ice cream maker
\b0 , place dulce de leche in a medium bowl, and whisk in the vanilla and a pinch of salt. \uc0\u8232 \
		Whip 3 cups of whipping cream until soft peaks form. \uc0\u8232 \
     Whisk about a cup of the whipped cream into the dulce de leche to lighten it. \uc0\u8232 \
     Carefully fold in the rest of the whipped cream. Place the mixture in a container and freeze for about an hour. \uc0\u8232 \
		Once mixture is fairly firm, stir in the chopped pecans. \uc0\u8232 \
		Continue to freeze until ice cream has desired texture.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa360\ql\qnatural
\cf3 \
Makes about 6 servings.}