{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red51\green51\blue51;\red0\green103\blue155;\red236\green236\blue236;
\red248\green248\blue248;\red102\green102\blue102;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid4}
{\list\listtemplateid5\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid5}
{\list\listtemplateid6\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid6}
{\list\listtemplateid7\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid7}
{\list\listtemplateid8\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid8}
{\list\listtemplateid9\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid9}
{\list\listtemplateid10\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid10}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}{\listoverride\listid5\listoverridecount0\ls5}{\listoverride\listid6\listoverridecount0\ls6}{\listoverride\listid7\listoverridecount0\ls7}{\listoverride\listid8\listoverridecount0\ls8}{\listoverride\listid9\listoverridecount0\ls9}{\listoverride\listid10\listoverridecount0\ls10}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl600\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs62 \cf2 Espresso Mud Pie \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\ql\qnatural

\fs30 \cf2 Makes:
\b0\fs32  1 (9-inch) pie (8 to 10 servings)\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa200\ql\qnatural

\fs38 \cf2 Mud pie\'97not to be confused with Mississippi mud pie, which is a chocolate pie\'97needs only a chocolate cookie crust, coffee ice cream, and fudge sauce, according to its creator, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.sfgate.com/cgi-bin/article.cgi?file=/chronicle/archive/2004/11/17/BAGHU9SIT51.DTL"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 Joanna Droeger}}. Here we\'92ve stayed true to the original with an intense espresso gelato and chocolate ganache, but added a little sweetened whipped cream on top. This easy-to-make pie can be assembled in advance for parties. Note: Unless you want your kids jumping off the walls, we recommend not serving this caffeinated treat to the little ones.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa200\ql\qnatural

\b \cf2 Game plan:
\b0  Make sure you have enough room in your freezer before you begin. You\'92ll need a flat area at least 10 by 10 inches to accommodate the pie comfortably.\
To slice the frozen pie, warm a sharp knife in hot water for about 30 seconds, then use a kitchen or paper towel to dry the knife. Slice the pie while the knife is still warm, pushing the knife down into the pie and slowly removing it. Clean the knife off and repeat warming, drying, slicing, and cleaning with each cut. If the pie is still too frozen to easily slice, let it sit for another 5 minutes.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\ql\qnatural

\b\fs42 \cf2 INGREDIENTS\cb4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs46 \cf2 \cb1 For the crust:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl380\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}30 chocolate cookie wafers, such as Nabisco Famous Chocolate Wafers\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 tablespoons unsalted butter (1/2 stick), melted and cooled\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\ql\qnatural
\cf2 For the ganache:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl380\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}4 ounces semisweet chocolate, coarsely chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup heavy cream\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon unsalted butter\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\ql\qnatural
\cf2 To assemble:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl380\ql\qnatural
\ls3\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}1 quart {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.chow.com/recipes/28647"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 Espresso Gelato}} or coffee ice cream\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\ql\qnatural
\cf2 To serve:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl380\ql\qnatural
\ls4\ilvl0
\fs44 \cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}1 cup heavy cream\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons granulated sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\ql\qnatural

\b \cf2 INSTRUCTIONS\cb4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural
\cf2 \cb1 For the crust:
\b0 \
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl380\ql\qnatural
\ls5\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	.	}Heat the oven to 350\'b0F and arrange a rack in the middle.\
{\listtext	.	}Place cookies in the bowl of a food processor fitted with a blade attachment and process until the pieces are about the size of peas. Stop the motor, add the melted butter, and continue to process until the crumbs are fine, about the size of coarsely ground coffee (you should have about 1 1/2 cups). Alternatively, place the cookies in a resealable plastic bag, press out the air, and seal. Using a rolling pin, smash into fine crumbs until uniform. Transfer to a medium bowl, add melted butter, and mix until evenly combined.\
{\listtext	.	}Pour crumb mixture into a 9-inch pie plate and, using the bottom of a cup or your fingers, press firmly and evenly into the bottom and up the sides. Bake until fragrant, about 10 to 15 minutes. Remove to a wire rack to cool completely before filling.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\ql\qnatural

\b \cf2 For the ganache:
\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl380\ql\qnatural
\ls6\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	.	}Place chocolate in a medium heatproof bowl; set aside.\
{\listtext	.	}Place cream in a small saucepan over medium heat and bring to a simmer. Pour over chocolate and let stand until chocolate has softened, about 5 minutes.\
{\listtext	.	}Add butter and stir until smooth. Let cool slightly before using.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\ql\qnatural

\b \cf2 To assemble:
\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl380\ql\qnatural
\ls7\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	.	}Place gelato in the refrigerator until slightly softened, about 30 minutes. Place cookie crust in the freezer until chilled, about 30 minutes.\
{\listtext	.	}Remove softened gelato from the container and transfer to a large bowl. Stir with a rubber spatula or wooden spoon until it is spreadable but not liquidy. Working quickly, spread the softened gelato into the crust in an even layer (leaving any melted gelato in the bowl). If the gelato in the pie looks like it\'92s melting, place the pie in the freezer until solid before proceeding.\
{\listtext	.	}Pour the warm ganache over the gelato and tilt the pie plate to evenly coat. Immediately transfer the pie to a flat surface in the freezer until completely frozen, at least 3 hours.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\ql\qnatural

\b \cf2 To serve:
\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl380\ql\qnatural
\ls8\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	.	}Let the pie sit at room temperature until the ganache just begins to soften, about 15 minutes. Meanwhile, combine cream, sugar, and vanilla in a large bowl and whisk until soft peaks have formed (they should droop over like soft-serve ice cream), about 3 minutes; serve atop pie slices. If not serving immediately, tightly wrap the frozen pie in plastic wrap and store in the freezer for up to 1 week.\
\pard\tx560\pardeftab720\sl380\ql\qnatural
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl600\sa140\ql\qnatural

\b\fs62 \cf2 Espresso Gelato \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?original_referer=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.chow.com%2Frecipes%2F28647-espresso-gelato&source=tweetbutton&text=Espresso%20Gelato%20Recipe%20%20Topic%20%40CHOW&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.chow.com%2Frecipes%2F28647-espresso-gelato"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1\i\fs28 \cf2 \cb5 \shad\shadx0\shady-20\shadr0\shado0 \shadc0 \
}}\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs36 \cf2  
\b Makes:
\b0  1 quart\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\sa200\ql\qnatural

\i\fs32 \cf6 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa200\ql\qnatural

\i0\fs38 \cf2 Those critical of weak coffee ice cream\'97our senior food editor, Jill Santopietro, is one of them\'97will appreciate this gelato flavored with bits of finely ground espresso beans and a dose of espresso powder. It will have you wired in no time. For a caffeinated double-chocolate dessert, try it in an {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.chow.com/recipes/28655"}}{\fldrslt 
\b\fs48 \cf3 Espresso Mud Pie}}
\b\fs48 .
\b0\fs38 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa200\ql\qnatural

\b \cf2 Game plan:
\b0  The unfrozen gelato base can be made up to 2 days in advance, but it needs 3 to 4 hours to harden in the freezer after it\'92s been processed.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\ql\qnatural

\b\fs42 \cf2 INGREDIENTS\cb4 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl380\ql\qnatural
\ls9\ilvl0
\b0\fs44 \cf2 \cb1 {\listtext	\'95	}2 1/2 cups whole milk\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup heavy cream\
{\listtext	\'95	}6 large egg yolks\
{\listtext	\'95	}2/3 cup granulated sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 tablespoons plus 1 teaspoon very finely ground espresso beans\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 teaspoons instant espresso powder\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\ql\qnatural

\b\fs42 \cf2 INSTRUCTIONS\cb4 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl380\ql\qnatural
\ls10\ilvl0
\b0\fs44 \cf2 \cb1 {\listtext	.	}Place a fine-mesh strainer over a large heatproof bowl and set aside.\
{\listtext	.	}Combine 2 cups of the milk and the cream in a heavy-bottomed saucepan. Place over medium-low heat and cook, stirring occasionally (so a skin doesn\'92t form), until tiny bubbles start to form around the edges, about 5 minutes.\
{\listtext	.	}Meanwhile, whisk the egg yolks in a medium heatproof bowl until smooth. Gradually whisk in the sugar until incorporated and the mixture is thick and pale yellow, about 2 minutes. Slowly pour in the milk mixture, whisking continuously so that the hot mixture doesn\'92t scramble the eggs. Return the custard to the saucepan.\
{\listtext	.	}Cook over low heat, stirring frequently with a wooden spoon, until thick enough to coat the spoon. (When you draw your finger across the spoon, it should make a mark through the mixture, which should not run back in on itself.) Do not bring to a boil.\
{\listtext	.	}Pour the mixture through the fine-mesh strainer and into the prepared bowl and let cool to room temperature, stirring every 5 minutes or so. (To cool the base quickly, make an ice water bath by filling a large bowl with ice and water and placing the bowl of the espresso base in it; stir the base until cooled.) Cover and refrigerate the base until very cold, at least 4 hours or overnight.\
{\listtext	.	}Meanwhile, combine the remaining 1/2 cup milk and 3 tablespoons of the ground espresso beans in a small saucepan. Place over medium heat and bring just to a simmer. Remove from heat and set aside to steep for 20 minutes. Pour the milk mixture through a fine-mesh strainer into a small bowl, pressing on the solids to extract all the liquid; discard the solids. Add the instant espresso powder and stir until dissolved. Refrigerate until cold, at least 30 minutes.\
{\listtext	.	}Gently whisk the milk-espresso mixture into the gelato base, then whisk in the remaining 1 teaspoon ground espresso beans. Freeze in an ice cream maker according to the manufacturer\'92s instructions. Transfer to an airtight container and freeze for at least 3 hours before serving. The gelato will keep in an airtight container in the freezer for up to 1 week.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\fs38 \cf2 \
}