{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red61\green61\blue61;\red107\green144\blue54;\red244\green111\blue56;
}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl560\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs66 \cf2 Espresso Ice Cream I
\fs62 \cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl660\sa400\ql\qnatural

\fs58 \cf3  
\fs44 MAKE 2 QUARTS
\fs58 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl420\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\fs50 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}4 cups whole milk\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 vanilla bean pod\
{\listtext	\'95	}10 egg yolks\
{\listtext	\'95	}pinch of kosher salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 cups sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 cups heavy cream\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup fresh espresso\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon sugar\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa280\ql\qnatural
\cf0 In a\'a0 medium saucepan, combine milk, vanilla {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://simpledailyrecipes.com/ckl"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 beans}} and vanilla pod.\'a0 Bring to a gentle simmer, cover, and remove pan from heat.\'a0 Steep for 30 minutes.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Combine egg yolks and sugar in an electric mixer bowl.\'a0 Use the paddle attachment to cream at medium-high speed until very thick and pale yellow, 3 to 5 minutes.\
Have a large ice-water bath ready.\
Pull those 4 to 5 espresso shots to make 1 cup espresso, and stir in 1 tablespoon sugar.\
Return milk to a simmer.\'a0 Start by slowly whisking in half the warm milk to egg-yolk mixture, until all is incorporated.\'a0 Transfer the egg-milk mix to a large sauce pan.\'a0 Cook over LOW heat, stirring constantly, until thick enough to coat the back of a wooden spoon, 6 to 8 minutes.\
Remove saucepan from heat, stir in heavy cream.\'a0 Pass mixture through a sieve set over a large bowl.\'a0 Place bowl in ice-water bath and stir until chilled.\'a0 Stir in cooled espresso.\
\
Move espresso mixture to ice cream machine and freeze according to manufacturers instructions. }