{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red102\green102\blue102;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17840\viewh15140\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\qj

\f0\b\fs62 \cf2 Gingersnap Ice Cream
\b0\fs48 \

\b\fs44 \

\b0\fs50 3 ounces unpeeled fresh ginger\
1 cup whole milk\
2 cups heavy cream\
3/4 cups sugar\
pinch of salt\
5 large egg yolks\
1 batch Speculoos (recipe follows)\
\
Cut the ginger into thin slices, and place the slices in a saucepan. Cover the ginger slices with water, and bring to a boil. After boiling for two minutes, drain the ginger (discarding the water) and return the ginger to the saucepan. Add the milk, 1 cup of the cream, the sugar, and the salt, and heat until the mixture is warm. Cover the saucepan, remove it from the heat, and let the ginger steep for about an hour.\
Remove the ginger from the cream-mixture and discard it. Rewarm the cream. Meanwhile, whisk the egg yolks in a small bowl. Slowly pour a little bit of the warm cream into the egg yolks, whisking constantly. This helps warm the egg yolks up and will keep them from cooking when they are added into the hot cream. Then pour the yolks into the saucepan with the cream. Heat the mixture, stirring constantly, until it is thick enough to coat the back of your spoon or spatula. Add the last cup of cream, and refrigerate the mixture until it's fully chilled. (Note: David Lebovitz suggests straining the custard before adding the final cup of cream, and chilling the mixture over an ice bath before putting it in the refrigerator. I skipped both of these steps). Freeze according to your ice cream maker's instructions. During the last couple of minutes of churning, mix in the Speculoos.\
\

\b\fs56 Speculoos
\fs46 \

\b0 \

\fs50 2 tablespoons salted butter at room temperature\
3 tablespoons packed brown sugar (light or dark)\
1 tablespoon molasses\
1 large egg yolk\
1/2 cup flour\
1/4 teaspoon baking soda\
2 teaspoons ground cinnamon\
1 teaspoon ground ginger\
1 teaspoon ground allspice\
\
Preheat oven to 350. Beat the butter and sugar until smooth, and then add the molasses and the egg yolk. In a separate bowl, stir together the dry ingredients. Add the dry ingredients to the wet ingredients and mix until incorporated. Roll the dough into balls, place them on a cookie sheet lined with parchment, and flatten each ball with a drinking glass that has been pressed in granulated sugar. Bake for 7-8 minutes, remove from the oven
\fs46 , 
\fs50 and let cool. Break into small pieces before mixing into the ice cream.
\fs46 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural
\cf2 \
}