{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red77\green77\blue79;\red0\green116\blue186;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl640\sa200\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs62 \cf2 Ginger Peach Ice Cream I
\b0\fs48 \

\b\fs50 Ingredients
\b0\fs48 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa300\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs46 \cf2 5 ripe white peaches, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://localfoods.about.com/od/summer/ss/PeelPeach.htm"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 peeled}} and chopped finely (approximately 2 cups)\
\'bd + \'be cup sugar\
1 Tablespoon frozen ginger, grated\
Juice of half a lemon\
2 eggs\
2 cups heavy cream\
1 cup milk\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa300\ql\qnatural

\i \cf2 Before you start, be sure that you have frozen your ginger (peeled, but not grated when you put it in the freezer) and put your ice cream bowl in the freezer, per the manufacturer\'92s instructions.\'a0\'a0All ingredients must be cold!\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl640\sa200\ql\qnatural

\f0\i0\b\fs50 \cf2 Directions 
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl640\sa200\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs46 \cf2 Combine the diced peaches, \'bd cup of sugar, and lemon juice in a bowl.\'a0 Cover and refrigerate for 2 hours, stirring about every 30 minutes.\'a0 After the first hour, add the grated ginger to the peaches.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa300\ql\qnatural
\cf2 After the full two hours, drain the peaches, but be sure to save the juice.\'a0 Put the peaches in a bowl, cover, and return to the refrigerator.\
In a large bowl, whisk the two eggs until light and airy, about 1-2 minutes. Add the \'be cup sugar, a little bit at a time, until well combined.\'a0 Whisk for another minute or so.\'a0 Pour in the milk and cream, and whisk until blended. Add in the peach juice, and whisk until well blended.\
Pour the liquid into your ice cream maker, following the manufacturer\'92s instructions.\'a0 Two minutes before the ice cream is done, add in the peaches.\'a0 Once complete, transfer to an air-tight container and put in the freezer for at least a couple of hours.}