{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15580\viewh10860\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs58 \cf0 Ginger Peach Ice Cream
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\sa600\ql\qnatural

\fs38 \cf0 Makes 2 quarts
\b \
The base is a "Philadelphia style" ice cream made with no eggs.  I like the lighter weight.  It really lets the flavor of the fruit shine.  It's easy to change this to strawberry ice cream.  Just leave out the ginger and Grand Marnier, substitute 2 cups of pureed strawberries for the peaches, and add 2 teaspoons of vanilla extract.
\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl480\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 		
\fs48 2 cups whole milk\
		1 cup sugar\
		1 cup half and half\
		1 cup heavy cream\
		dash of salt\
		1 tablespoon Grand Marnier\
		6 peaches, pitted and pureed\
		1/4 cup crystalized ginger, minced\
		\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl480\sa400\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0       To prepare peaches, wash thoroughly. Bring 2 quarts of water to a full boil. One by one drop the peaches into the boiling water for about 30 seconds. Remove and set aside to cool. Using your fingertips or a small knife, peel off the skins. Cut in quarters and remove pits. Blend in a blender or food processor for a couple of seconds. You want the puree to be slightly chunky.\
      On medium heat cook milk until bubbles form around the edge of the pan. Remove from heat.\
      Add sugar to milk, stirring until sugar dissolves. Pour into large glass bowl. Stir in half and half, heavy cream, salt and Grand Marnier. Cover and refrigerate for 30 minutes.\
      Pour into ice cream freezer. Add peaches and ginger. Freeze according to your ice cream maker's instructions. Best if served immediately!}