{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red208\green62\blue71;\red100\green100\blue100;\red0\green12\blue242;
}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14640\viewh11900\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa120\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs58 \cf2 Gingerbread with Cinnamon Ice Cream
\f1 \cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural

\fs44 \cf3 Put this in the oven about 2 hours before dinner is going to be served\'97it will still be warm come dessert time! 
\b \
INGREDIENTS
\b0  \
1/2 cup butter at room temperature, plus more for greasing \
1/2 cup sugar \
1 egg \
2 1/2 cups flour \
1 1/2 teaspoons baking soda \
1 teaspoon ground cinnamon \
1 teaspoon ground ginger \
1/4 teaspoon ground cloves \
1/2 teaspoon Kosher salt \
1 cup hot water \
1 cup dark molasses \
\

\b INSTRUCTIONS
\b0 \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sl360\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl1\cf3 {\listtext	1.	}Preheat oven 350\'b0F and butter a 9-inch pie pan.\
{\listtext	2.	}Using an electric mixer with the paddle attachment, cream the butter and sugar. Beat for 4-5 minutes, scraping the sides occasionally, until the mixture is light and fluffy. Add the egg and mix until incorporated.\
{\listtext	3.	}In a separate bowl combine the flour, baking soda, cinnamon, ginger, cloves and salt. In another bowl combine the hot water with the molasses.\
{\listtext	4.	}Add the flour mixture and the molasses mixture to the creamed butter in alternate batches, occasionally scraping the sides of the bowl.\
{\listtext	5.	}Pour the mixture into the pie pan and bake for 45 minutes, until a toothpick comes out clean when inserted into the middle of the gingerbread.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural

\b \cf3 Cinnamon Ice Cream
\b0  \
Our spiced take on classic vanilla ice cream is delicious over gingerbread, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.homemadesimple.com/en-US/FoodandRecipes/Pages/apple-pie-in-a-jar.aspx?utm_source=Article&utm_medium=FR%2BArticle&utm_campaign=Apple%2BPie%2BIn%2BA%2BJar"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 apple pie}}, pumpkin pie and more. \
\
Makes about 1 quart \
Prep time: 30 minutes \
\

\b INGREDIENTS
\b0  \
2 cups whole milk \
3 cinnamon sticks \
5 large egg yolks \
3/4 cup sugar, plus 1 teaspoon \
1 cup heavy cream \
1 teaspoon ground cinnamon \
\

\b INSTRUCTIONS
\b0 \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sl360\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl1\cf3 {\listtext	1.	}Heat the milk and cinnamon sticks in a heavy saucepan over medium heat until scalded (small bubbles have formed).\
{\listtext	2.	}In a separate bowl whisk the egg yolks and 3/4 cup sugar until the sugar is dissolved and the yolks are a pale yellow color. Very slowly add the hot milk to the egg yolk mixture, whisking the entire time. If this is done too fast it will cook the egg and little pieces of yolk will be floating in your custard. If this does occur pour this milk/egg mixture through a sieve before proceeding.\
{\listtext	3.	}Return the egg/milk mixture to the saucepan and cook over low heat, stirring constantly with a wooden spoon. It will begin to slowly thicken in 3-4 minutes. To tell if it is done, coat the spoon with the custard and run a finger across the spoon. If the line where your finger was does not break, then it is ready.\
{\listtext	4.	}Remove the custard from the heat and immediately add the heavy cream to stop the cooking. Remove the cinnamon sticks from the custard. In a separate bowl combine the ground cinnamon and 1 teaspoon sugar. Sprinkle the cinnamon mixture into the custard. Allow custard to cool to room temperature.\
{\listtext	5.	}Refrigerate, loosely covered, until chilled. Freeze in an ice cream maker according to manufacturer instructions. Serve over warm gingerbread.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa360\ql\qnatural
\cf3 \
}