{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Hazelnut and Nutmeg Gelato\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs32 \cf2 Makes:  
\b0 \cf0 1 quart (4 to 6 servings)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs36 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 cups skinned hazelnuts\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 cups whole milk\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 cups heavy cream\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/8 teaspoon fine salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}8 large egg yolks\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/3 cup Nutella\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 1. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spread the hazelnuts on a baking sheet and toast in the oven until lightly browned, about 8 minutes. Cool and coarsely chop.\
2. In a medium saucepan, combine the hazelnuts, milk, cream, sugar, nutmeg, and salt and place over medium heat. Allow the mixture to reach a bare simmer, remove from the heat, cover, and let steep 1 hour. Strain the mixture through a fine-mesh sieve and discard the solids.\
3. Place the yolks in a large bowl and whisk until smooth. Pour in the strained milk mixture and whisk to combine. Return the mixture to the saucepan and cook over medium-low heat, stirring constantly with a wooden spoon, until it thickens enough to coat the back of the spoon and registers between 170 degrees F and 175 degrees F on an instant-read or candy thermometer, about 10 minutes.\
4. Immediately strain the custard into a bowl. Set the bowl in a larger bowl of ice water and stir until cool. Refrigerate the custard until very cold, about 2 hours.\
5. Freeze the custard in an ice cream maker according to the manufacturer's instructions. When just about frozen, add the Nutella, a spoonful at a time, churning after each addition to create flecks in the gelato. Transfer the gelato to an airtight container and freeze until firm, about 2 hours. Best if eaten within 3 days.\
}