{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs56 \cf0 Maple-Fig Ice Cream\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs36 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 4 servings\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Ice Cream:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs46 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}6 to 9 dried Calimyrna figs, stems trimmed (about 4 ounces)\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/3 cups heavy whipping cream, at room temperature\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/3 cup sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/3 cup pure maple syrup (preferably grade B)\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 teaspoon kosher salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 large egg yolks, at room temperature\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons sour cream\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon brandy\
{\listtext	\'95	}Brandied Maple-Fig Sauce, recipe follows\
{\listtext	\'95	}Toasted pine nuts, for garnish\
{\listtext	\'95	}Special equipment: ice cream-maker\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs46 \cf0 Bring 2 cups water and the figs to a simmer in heavy small saucepan over high heat. Cover and reduce the heat to medium-low and simmer, turning occasionally, until the figs are very tender, about 30 minutes. Transfer the figs and 1/2 cup of the cooking liquid to a food processor (or add some water to make 1/2 cup). Blend until the figs are pureed and no large lumps remain. Transfer to a small bowl, cover and chill. (Fig puree can be made 1 week ahead.)\
Whisk the whipping cream, sugar, maple syrup, salt and egg yolks in a heavy large saucepan until blended. Whisk over medium heat until the custard thickens enough to coat a spoon (and the temperature registers 170 degrees F to 180 degrees F), 4 to 5 minutes. Remove the pan from the heat and immediately whisk 1/2 cup of the fig puree into the custard, reserving the remaining fig puree. Transfer the custard to a bowl and chill uncovered until cool, stirring occasionally, about 1 hour. Whisk in the sour cream and brandy.\
Process the custard in an ice cream maker according to the manufacturer's instructions. Transfer to a bowl, cover tightly and freeze until firm, at least 6 hours and up to 3 days.\
Scoop the ice cream into goblets or bowls. Spoon some Brandied Maple-Fig Sauce on top, sprinkle with pine nuts and serve.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 Brandied Maple-Fig Sauce:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs46 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1/4 to 1/3 cup remaining fig puree\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 to 3 tablespoons pure maple syrup\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon brandy\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Stir the fig puree, maple syrup and brandy in a small bowl until blended. Cover and chill until needed. (The sauce can be made 1 day ahead.)\
}