{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Mocha Kahlua Ice Cream Torte with Hot Fudge Sauce
\f1\b0\fs32 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Crust:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 cups chocolate cookie crumbs (about 6 1/2 ounces)\
{\listtext	\'95	}6 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 tablespoons sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons Kahlua\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Filling:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 quart chocolate ice cream, softened\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 pint coffee ice cream, softened\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 tablespoons Kahlua\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 to 6 heath bars, crushed in food processor or with mallet\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Mix all ingredients in medium bowl. Press crust mixture onto bottom of 9-inch spring form pan with 2 3/4 inches high on the sides. Bake crust until firm, about 8 minutes. Transfer pan to rack and cool crust completely.\
Mix ice cream, kahlua in large bowl. Mix in heath bars, saving several tablespoons for garnish. Pour ice cream into crust, smooth top, freeze until firm, about four hours. Can be prepared 2 days ahead covered.\
Using small knife cut around side of pan to loosen torte. Remove pan sides, sprinkle saved crushed heath bar on top. Let torte stand 3 to 5 minutes. Cut into wedges and serve with hot fudge sauce.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Hot Fudge Sauce:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls3\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}8 ounces of chopped dark chocolate\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons, plus 1 teaspoon butter\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup heavy cream\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup hot water\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon vanilla\
{\listtext	\'95	}Pinch of salt\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Combine chopped dark chocolate with butter, sugar, heavy cream, and hot water. Melt mixture stirring, at low heat for five minutes. Remove from heat, add vanilla and salt and serve warm.\
}