{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red84\green84\blue84;\red51\green51\blue51;\red21\green21\blue21;
\red85\green85\blue85;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid4}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17760\viewh20240\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl520\sa80\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs66 \cf0 Pumpkin Spice Ice Cream with Ginger Molasses Cookie Dough\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs40 \cf2 Yield:  \cf0 2 Quarts\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\ql\qnatural

\fs52 \cf0 INGREDIENTS\
  
\b0\fs48 \'95   Pumpkin Spice Ice Cream, recipe below
\b\fs52 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0\fs48 \cf0   \'95	Ginger Molasses Cookie Dough:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 stick butter, softened\
{\listtext	\'95	}3/4 cup sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup molasses\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 tablespoons heavy cream\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon hazelnut or sweet almond oil\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls3\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 teaspoon salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon ground ginger\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon ground cinnamon\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\ql\qnatural

\b\fs52 \cf0 DIRECTIONS\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa160\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs48 \cf3 Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. \uc0\u8232 Cut the pumpkin in half and roast for 20 to 25 minutes. When cool enough to handle, scoop out the pumpkin and puree in a food processor with the cinnamon, ginger, nutmeg, rum and vanilla. Mix the spiced pumpkin puree into the ice cream base and freeze as per your home ice cream machine instructions. \u8232 After the ice cream has reached its partially frozen state, layer it with the Ginger Molasses Cookie Dough in 18 small or 12 large ramekins (for individual servings) or a 13-by-9-inch pan (for multiple servings). Fill your container halfway, crumble the cookie dough balls over the top and then fill the container to the top with the rest of the ice cream. Freeze for 45 minutes to an hour prior to serving. \u8232 This recipe was provided by a chef, restaurant or culinary professional and may have been scaled down from a bulk recipe. The Food Network Kitchens chefs have not tested this recipe, in the proportions indicated, and therefore, we cannot make any representation as to the results.\
Cream the softened butter and sugar. Add the molasses, cream and oil and blend well. Mix in the flour, salt, ginger and cinnamon. Refrigerate until firm enough to form into balls. Form into 1-inch balls. \uc0\u8232 \u8232 Cook's Note: This is an eggless dough intended to be eaten "raw" and is not suitable for baking.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\ql\qnatural

\f1\b\fs60 \cf4 Pumpkin Spice Ice Cream
\b0 \

\f0\fs44 \cf5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li200\ri920\sl360\ql\qnatural

\f1\b\fs46 \cf4 Ingredients 
\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl360\ql\qnatural
\ls4\ilvl0\cf4 {\listtext	\'95	}2 cups heavy whipping cream\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup fresh pumpkin puree, chilled\
{\listtext	\'95	}5 egg yolks\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 teaspoon salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon ground ginger\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 teaspoon ground allspice\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 teaspoon ground nutmeg\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 overflowing teaspoon of pure vanilla extract\
{\listtext	\'95	}3/4 cup brown sugar\
\pard\pardeftab720\li200\ri920\sl360\ql\qnatural

\b \cf4 Directions
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li200\ri-5260\sl360\ql\qnatural
\cf4 Over a medium heat, bring to a low boil, 1 1/2 cups heavy whipping cream and 1/2 cup of brown sugar (approx 5 minutes occasionally stirring with a whisk). Remove from heat. Meanwhile, lightly beat egg yolks, 1/2 cup heavy whipping cream, 1/2 cup brown sugar, salt, vanilla and spices together until smooth. Slowly pour egg mixture into hot cream mixture and stir. Bring custard mixture to a nice simmer over a medium-low heat for another 5 minutes, or until custard is thick and coats the back of your spoon (should be the consistency of hot pudding, slightly thinner).\
Next, fill a large bowl halfway full of ice water, place a medium size bowl inside, pour in pumpkin puree (should be chilled) and gradually pour in hot custard mixture through a fine sieve (I also find pureeing this up in a blender to be the fast route, in my opinion, it works the same). Pour pumpkin custard into a seal-able bowl and refrigerate for 3 to 24 hours.\
Once refrigerated, pour pumpkin custard into an ice cream maker according to your manufacturers guidelines and press start!\
\
}