{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Salty Vanilla and Cinnamon Ice Cream\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs32 \cf2 Makes:  
\b0 \cf0 1 quart\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/vanilla/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 vanilla bean}}, split and scraped\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 teaspoons ground cinnamon\
{\listtext	\'95	}Pinch of ground nutmeg\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 cups whole milk\
{\listtext	\'95	}6 large egg yolks\
{\listtext	\'95	}3/4 cup {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sugar/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 granulated sugar}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup dark {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sugar/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 brown sugar}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 cups cold {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cream/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 heavy cream}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 teaspoon salt\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/waffle/index.html"}}{\fldrslt Waffle}}\cf0  cones, for serving\
{\listtext	\'95	}Chopped Marcona almonds, for garnish\
{\listtext	\'95	}Coarse sea salt, for garnish\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 In a medium saucepan over medium heat, add the split vanilla bean, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cinnamon/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cinnamon}} and nutmeg. Bring the milk to just a simmer, cover and turn off the heat. Let the spices steep, about 15 minutes.\
In a large nonreactive bowl, add the egg yolks and both sugars. Whisk until the sugar is mostly dissolved into the egg yolks, about 2 minutes.\
Temper the eggs into the milk by adding 1 cup or so cooled milk to the egg mixture, whisking constantly. Continue slowly adding the milk to the egg mixture until both are combined.\
Transfer the milk mixture back to the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/saucepan/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 saucepan}} and cook over low heat, stirring constantly with a wooden spoon, until the mixture is thick enough to coat back of the spoon, 2 minutes or so. Remove the pan from the heat and add the heavy cream, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/extracts/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 vanilla extract}} and salt. Strain through a fine sieve into a cooled bowl. Stir the mixture occasionally until cooled completely. Stir the vanilla extract into the cooled {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/custard/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 custard}}. Refrigerate for 1 hour.\
Pour the mixture into an ice cream maker and freeze according to the manufacturers' instructions. Serve the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/ice-cream/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 ice cream}} in waffle cones and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/garnish/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 garnish}} with chopped Marcona almonds and coarse {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sea-salt/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 sea salt}}\
}