{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red34\green34\blue34;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\sa280\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs70 \cf0 Salted Caramel Ice Cream II\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b\fs42 \cf0 Yield:  
\b0\fs44 Makes 1 quart
\fs50 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa260\ql\qnatural

\f2\fs58 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl220\sa60\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f0\b\fs48 \cf2 		Ice Cream Base
\f1\b0\fs50 \cf0 \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sl320\sa120\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl1\cf0 		2 cups heavy cream\
		2 cups whole milk\
		1/2 vanilla bean, seeded\
		2/3 cup granulated sugar\
		9 large egg yolks\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl220\sa60\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f0\b\fs48 \cf2 		Salted Caramel
\f1\b0\fs50 \cf0 \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sl320\sa120\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl1\cf0 		1 cup granulated sugar\
		1/3 cup heavy cream\
		1/2 teaspoon coarse salt\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl220\sa60\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f0\b\fs48 \cf2 		Caramel Crunch
\f1\b0\fs50 \cf0 \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sl320\sa120\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl1\cf0 		1 cup granulated sugar\
		Maldon sea salt\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\sa120\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 		\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa260\ql\qnatural

\f2\fs58 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\sa360\ql\qnatural
\ls3\ilvl0
\f1\fs50 \cf0 {\listtext	1.	}Make the ice cream base: In a large saucepan, mix together cream, milk, vanilla bean, and seeds over medium-high heat until small bubbles form. In a large bowl, whisk together sugar and egg yolks. Slowly whisk one-third of the hot cream mixture into egg mixture. Transfer egg mixture to saucepan with remaining cream mixture and continue to cook, whisking, until thickened, 4 to 5 minutes. Strain through a fine mesh sieve set over a bowl; set aside while you make the caramel.\
{\listtext	2.	}Make the salted caramel: In a small saucepan, combine sugar and 3 tablespoons water; mixture should look like wet sand. Place saucepan over medium-high heat and cook until sugar is dark amber in color. Remove from heat and immediately add cream and salt; let cool slightly.\
{\listtext	3.	}Add salted caramel to ice cream base; whisk to combine. Cover mixture with plastic wrap and refrigerate until cold, 2 to 3 hours and up to overnight. Freeze ice cream in an ice cream or gelato maker according to manufacturer's instructions.\
{\listtext	4.	}Make the caramel crunch: Line a rimmed baking sheet with a nonstick baking mat; set aside. In a small saucepan, combine sugar and 3 tablespoons water; mixture should look like wet sand. Place saucepan over medium-high heat and cook until sugar is dark amber in color. Immediately pour caramel onto prepared baking sheet; let cool completely.\
{\listtext	5.	}Crack cooled caramel into large pieces and place in a resealable plastic bag. Crush into tiny pieces using a rolling pin; you should have a scant cup of caramel crunch. When ice cream is almost finished freezing, add 1/2 cup caramel crunch. Transfer to a 1 1/2-quart loaf pan or container and freeze until set, at least 2 to 3 hours and up to overnight. Serve sprinkled with sea salt and remaining caramel crunch.}