{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red170\green31\blue15;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11280\viewh12900\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa120\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs46 \cf2 Triple Ginger Ice Cream\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa200\ql\qnatural

\b\fs42 \cf0 Ingredients
\b0 \
2 cups heavy (whipping) cream \uc0\u8232 2 cups whole milk \u8232 3/4 cups or 4 ounces peeled and finely chipped fresh ginger \u8232 1 teaspoon ground ginger \u8232 6 large eggs \u8232 2/3 cup sugar \u8232 1/2 cup The Ginger People Baker's Cut Crystallized Ginger Chips\

\b Instructions
\b0 \
Place the milk, cream, fresh ginger, and ground ginger in medium-size saucepan. Cook the mixture over medium heat, making sure to stir frequently until small bubbles begin to form around the edge of the saucepan. This should occur before the mixture comes to a boil. Remove from heat and cover with lid. Let mixture stand for 1 hour. Strain cream mixture through a sieve and discard any solids.\
Place the egg yolks and sugar in a bowl and whisk until combined. Add the cream mixture slowly to the egg mixture, whisk frequently. Return the cream mixture to the saucepan and cook over medium heat while stirring constantly until mixture thickens and coats the back of a wooden spoon. Roughly 5-10 minutes. Do not let the mixture boil or it will curdle.\
Fill a large bowl with ice cubes and set aside. Strain the custard mixture through a sieve into medium sized bowl and discard solids. Set the bowl in the ice bath to quickly reduce the temperature, stirring the custard occasionally to dissipate the heat. When the custard mixture reached room temperature, refrigerate and cover for at least 4 hours.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Place custard mixture in the bowl of an ice cream maker and churn. Add crystallized ginger chips to the ice cream maker and continue to churn. Be careful not to over churn, this will cause a grainy texture. Transfer the ice cream to an airtight container and freeze for at least 2 hours. Place plastic wrap over ice cream to store. Ice cream can be frozen for up to 2 months.\
\
}