{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red84\green84\blue84;\red51\green51\blue51;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl520\sa80\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs66 \cf0 Vietnamese Coffee Ice Cream\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\fs40 \cf2 Yield:  \cf0 8 to 10 cups\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\ql\qnatural

\fs52 \cf0 INGREDIENTS\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0\fs48 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}2 cups freshly ground coffee\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 cups water heated just to the boiling point\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 1/2 cups sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 cups cream\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 teaspoons salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}Three 15-ounce cans evaporated milk\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}16 egg yolks\
{\listtext	\'95	}Ice, for chilling\
{\listtext	\'95	}Special Equipment: ice-cream maker
\b \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\ql\qnatural

\fs52 \cf0 DIRECTIONS\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa160\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs48 \cf3 Steep the coffee grounds in the water for 5 to 10 minutes. Strain the liquid into a pot, and mix in 2 cups of the sugar. Bring to a boil and cook until the liquid has become a thick syrup. Add the cream, salt, evaporated milk and remaining 1/2 cup sugar to the coffee syrup and bring just to a boil. Remove from the heat. \uc0\u8232 \u8232 Whisk together the egg yolks. Pour in a little of the hot coffee mixture and whisk in to temper the yolks, and then pour the egg mixture into the pot. Return to the heat, stirring constantly until the mixture is nappe, or thick enough to coat the back of a spoon. Strain the ice cream base into an ice bath. Chill overnight. \u8232 \u8232 Freeze in an ice-cream machine according to manufacturers' instructions. Transfer to a container and freeze overnight.\
}