{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red164\green194\blue114;\red47\green43\blue34;\red45\green57\blue24;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15720\viewh18400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa400\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs54 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd8\expndtw40
Watermelon Sorbet
\f1\fs38 \cf3 \kerning1\expnd4\expndtw20
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li40\ri760\sl360\sa120\ql\qnatural

\fs40 \cf3 1\'bc cup sugar\uc0\u8232 1\'bc water\u8232 6-7 cups fresh seedless watermelon chunks (about half of the melon)\u8232 3 tbsp. fresh lime juice (approximately 3 1/2 medium-sized limes)\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa380\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs46 \cf4 \kerning1\expnd8\expndtw40
Directions\

\f1\fs40 \cf3 \kerning1\expnd4\expndtw20
In a medium saucepan, bring the sugar and water to a boil. Reduce the heat and simmer until the sugar is completely dissolved (do not stir). Place in a bowl to completely cool.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li40\ri-5420\sl360\sa120\ql\qnatural
\cf3 \kerning1\expnd4\expndtw20
Put the watermelon chunks and the lime into a blender or food processor. Pulse about 20 times to chop the melon and then process until the watermelon is completely pureed. Press the watermelon through a fine mesh strainer to remove the seeds and any extra pulp. Combine with the cooled sugar syrup. Chill in the refrigerator for 1 hour.\
Pour the watermelon mixture into the freezer bowl of your ice cream maker.  Mix until the sorbet has thickened, approximately 25-35 minutes.\'a0 The sorbet will have soft serve texture. You can enjoy right away or put the sorbet into an airtight container and place in the freezer until firm for about 2 hours.\
\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\li40\ri760\sl360\sa120\ql\qnatural
\cf3 Enjoy!}