{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red84\green84\blue84;\red51\green51\blue51;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl520\sa80\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs64 \cf0 Watermelon, Ginger and Lime Granita\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\fs38 \cf2 Yield:  \cf0 4 to 6 servings\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\ql\qnatural

\fs48 \cf0 INGREDIENTS\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0\fs44 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup fresh lime juice\
{\listtext	\'95	}6 cups roughly chopped seedless watermelon (about 2 pounds)\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 lime, zested\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 (2-inch) piece ginger divided, 1-inch cut into coins, 1-inch peeled and grated\
{\listtext	\'95	}Fleur de sel, for garnish\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\ql\qnatural

\b\fs48 \cf0 DIRECTIONS\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa160\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs44 \cf3 In a blender, blend the lime juice and watermelon together, creating watermelon water. Strain the liquid through a fine mesh strainer to remove any seeds. \uc0\u8232 \u8232 Place 1/2 cup of the watermelon water into a saucepan and add the sugar, lime zest and ginger coins. Bring the mixture to a simmer to dissolve the sugar and infuse the liquid with the ginger and lime flavor. Set aside to cool. \u8232 \u8232 Add the grated ginger to the remaining watermelon water. Once the syrup is cool, remove the ginger coins and mix into the watermelon water. Pour the mixture into a 9 by 13-inch glass baking dish. Place the dish into the freezer to chill. Every 30 minutes, scrape the mixture with a fork to break up the ice crystals and to keep it light and fluffy. Continue scraping every 30 minutes for at least 2 hours. \u8232 \u8232 Scrape the granita into elegant glasses and sprinkle with fleur de sel. \u8232 \u8232 Cook's Notes: Taste your watermelon, this will tell you how much sugar to add to your simple syrup. The fork helps to create ice crystals that will help give you a slushy consistency.\
}