{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red106\green106\blue106;\red80\green80\blue80;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww30340\viewh20240\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\li660\sl560\sa200\qc

\f0\b\fs60 \cf2 Black Sticky Gingerbread Recipe
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li600\sl440\sa300\ql\qnatural

\i\fs48 \cf3 Just a quick mention that I like Wholesome Sweeteners or Plantation Organic Molasses, both are unsulphered organic, blackstrap molasses. 
\b \
\pard\pardeftab720\li600\sl440\sa300\ql\qnatural

\i0\b0\fs52 \cf3 1 cup / 8 oz / 225 g unsalted butter
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 1/2 cup / 120 ml water
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 3/4 cup / 180 ml unsulphured blackstrap molasses
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 3/4 cup / 180 m flavorful, real honey
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 1 cup / 5 1/2 oz / 155 g tightly packed dark brown / Muscovado sugar 
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 3 cups / 13 1/2 oz / 385 g whole wheat pastry flour (or all-purpose flour)
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 1 1/2 teaspoons baking soda 
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 1/2 teaspoon salt 
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 2 teaspoons ground ginger 
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon 
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 1/2 teaspoon allspice
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 1/4 teaspoon ground cloves 
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 3 large eggs, at room temperature
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 1/2 cup / 120 ml milk
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 1 packed tablespoon grated fresh ginger root\
\pard\pardeftab720\li400\sl460\sa300\ql\qnatural
\cf3 Lightly sweetened whipped cream, to serve\
\pard\pardeftab720\li600\sl440\sa300\ql\qnatural
\cf3 Preheat the oven to 325F / 165C, with a rack in the center. Butter  a
\i  
\i0 10-cup capacity Bundt pan. Combine the butter, water, molasses, honey and brown sugar in a medium non-reactive saucepan and place over low heat. Stir the mixture frequently until the butter is just melted, and all of the ingredients are well blended. Remove from the heat, pour into a large bowl and set aside to cool.\
Meanwhile, combine the flour, baking soda, salt, ginger, cinnamon, all-spice and cloves, and set aside. When the molasses mixture feels just warm to the touch, add the eggs, one at a time, mixing well after each addition. Add the milk and stir to combine. Fold the dry ingredients into the batter, and don't be overly concerned if you can't get every lump out. Stir in the grated ginger.\
Pour the batter into the prepared pan and bake for ~45-60 minutes. Start checking for doneness after about 45 minutes. When the top of the cake springs back when touched you're good. For me this is usually ~55 minutes, but the baking time will depend on your oven and the shape of your pan.\
Allow the cake to cool for 10 minutes, then, using the overhang of parchment (if you're using a rectangular pan), lift the cake out of the pan and cool completely on a wire rack before cutting. If refrigerated, the texture becomes dense and sticky - in a good way, just let it come up to room temperature before serving. And as I'm sure you can imagine this cake is particularly nice served with boozy whipped cream.
\fs44 \

\i\fs42 Serves 12-16.}