{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red17\green17\blue17;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16260\viewh18600\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf2 CHRISTMAS SUGAR COOKIE 
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\ql\qnatural

\i\fs46 \cf2 recipe makes 30 cookies
\i0\fs52 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\ql\qnatural

\i\b \cf2 \ul \ulc2 Cookie Ingredients
\i0\b0 \ulnone \
1 1/2 stick (3/4 cup) unsalted butter, room temperature\
1 cup white granulated sugar\
2 eggs\
1 tsp vanilla\
2 1/2 cups all purpose flour\
1/4 tsp salt\
1 tsp baking powder\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\ql\qnatural

\i\b \cf2 Icing Ingredients
\i0\b0 \
1 1/2 cups confectioner sugar\
3 - 4 tbsp milk\
gel food coloring\
sprinkles for decorating\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\ql\qnatural

\i\b \cf2 \ul Directions
\i0\b0 \ulnone \
1. In a large bowl cream the butter and sugar until light and fluffy (approximately 5 minutes).\
2. Add the vanilla, then the eggs one by one, and mix until combined.\
3. In a large bowl, combine the flour, salt, and baking powder. Slowly add it to the butter and sugar mixture. Mix until combined.\
4. Break the dough into two pieces and flatten into disks. Wrap in Saran wrap and place in the freezer for 20 minutes.\
5. Preheat the oven to 400 F.\
6. Remove one piece of dough from the fridge and roll it out 1/4 inch thick. \'a0If the dough is sticking to the counter, lightly dust with flour or roll between two pieces of parchment paper dusted with flour.\
7. Cut out the cookie shapes and place them on a baking sheet lined with parchment paper. Bake in the oven for 6 - 10 minutes, or until the edges are golden brown.\
8. Let the cookies cool completely on a wire rack before icing. To make the icing whisk the icing sugar with milk until smooth, and thick enough to coat the back of a spoon. Add food coloring to the icing if desired. I like to use a gel, because it gives it a more intense color.}