{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15100\viewh18880\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs50 \cf0 Edible Gifts
\fs40 \
\
Fruit Purees\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 Cook 2 cups 
\b sugar
\b0  with 1 cup water in a saucepan over medium heat until the sugar dissolves, about 5 minutes. Cool completely. For peach puree: Thaw a 16-ounce bag of frozen 
\b peaches
\b0 , then puree in a blender with 1 teaspoon grated {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/zest/index.html"}}{\fldrslt 
\b \cf2 orange zest}} and 1/2 cup of the 
\b sugar syrup
\b0 . Strain through a fine-mesh {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/strainer/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 strainer}} and transfer to a bottle or jar. For {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/strawberry/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 strawberry}} or {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/blueberry/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 blueberry}} puree: Thaw a 16-ounce bag of frozen 
\b berries
\b0 , then puree in a blender with 1/3 cup of the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sugar-syrup/index.html"}}{\fldrslt 
\b \cf2 sugar syrup}}. Strain and store in a bottle or jar. Refrigerate purees until ready to use. \
You can use any fruit.--bananas and raspberries are great.\

\fs24 \

\b\fs40 Vanilla Apricots\

\b0\fs42 Bring 3 cups of sugar, 1 1/2 cups water, 3 strips lemon zest and 1 split vanilla bean to a simmer, stirring. Add 3 cups dried apricots: cook 10 minutes. Let cool, then divide among jars. \

\fs40 \

\b Pistachio Nougat
\b0 \

\fs42 In a saucepan, combine 1 cup each sugar and honey.  Bring to a boil and cook, stirring occasionally, until a candy thermometer reaches 290 degrees F.  In a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, beat 2 egg whites on high speed until stiff peaks form.  With the motor running, drizzle in the hot honey mixture and beat until thick, 8 minutes.  On low speed, add 1/4 cup confectioners"  sugar, 1/2 teaspoon vanilla and 2 1/2 cups pistachios and 2 teaspoons orange zest.  Transfer to an oiled parchment paper-lined baking sheet; flatten to 1 inch thick with a rolling pin.  Cool 2 hours, then cut into squares. \
*Almonds Nougat can be made, using almonds instead of pistachios.*  \
\

\b Nut Brittle\

\b0 In a saucepan combine 1 cup sugar, 1/2 cup light corn syrup and 1 1/2 cups salted mixed nuts.  Cook until the syrup is golden, about 8 minutes, stirring twice.  Stir in 1 tablespoon butter, 1 teaspoon each vanilla and baking soda, and a pinch of salt.  Spread on an oiled baking sheet and let cool.  Break into pieces.\
\

\b Chocolate Caramels\

\b0 Line a 8-inch pan with foil and brush with oil.  Melt 2 sticks butter in a saucepan, then add 2 cups sugar, 1 1/4 cups light corn syrup, a 14-ounce can sweetened condensed milk and 1/4 cup cocoa powder.  Bring to a boil and cook, stirring occasionally, until a candy thermometer reaches 248 degrees F, about 15 minutes.  Pour into the prepared pan and cool.  Cut into squares.  \
Variation: Sprinkle with sea salt while warm.\
\

\b Salted Caramel Sauce
\b0 \
Simmer 1 1/2 cups sugar and 1/2 cup water in a saucepan over medium-high heat, swirling the pan but not stirring, until dark amber, about 12 minutes.  Off the heat, whisk in 1 cup cream, 1 teaspoon vanilla and 1/2 teaspoon sea salt.  Let cool, then divide among jars and chill.\
\

\b Chocolate Raspberry Sauce\

\b0 Simmer 1 cup water, 1/2 cup each sugar and cocoa powder,1/4 cup light corn syrup, 4 ounces chopped bittersweet chocolate and 1/2 teaspoon vanilla in a saucepan over medium heat, stirring, until the chocolate melts.  Let cool, then stir in 2 tablespoons raspberry liqueur.  Divide among jars and chill.\
\

\b Chocolate Haystacks
\b0 \
Melt 1 cup semisweet chocolate in a heatproof bowl over simmering water.  Stir in 2 1/2 cups chow mein noodles until coated.  Drop spoonfuls on an oiled parchment paper-lined baking sheet.  Sprinkle with chopped nuts, if desired.\
\

\b Crystallized Ginger\

\b0 Cover 1 pound sliced peeled ginger with water and simmer until tender, 45 minutes.  Reserve 1/4 cup cooking liquid, then drain.  Simmer the reserved cooking liquid, the ginger and 1 1/2 cups sugar, stirring, until the liquid is absorbed, 15 to 20 minutes.  Toss the ginger in the sugar left in the pan.  Transfer to a rack to cool.\
\

\b Chocolate Orange Peels\

\b0 Peel 3 oranges. cut the rind into strips and boil in water 15 minutes, then drain and rinse,  Simmer 3 cups each sugar and water.  Add the peel and cook until soft, 45 minutes.  Drain and toss in sugar.  Transfer to a rack to dry, 8 hours.  Dip in melted bittersweet chocolate; let harden. \
\

\b Spiced Rum Balls
\b0 \
Mix 3 3/4 cups crushed vanilla wafer cookies, 1 1/2 cups confectioners' sugar, 3/4 teaspoon each nutmeg and cinnamon, and 1/2 teaspoon ground ginger.  Stir in 3 tablespoons light corn syrup and 1/3 cup each brandy and rum.  Roll into balls and chill until firm.  Roll in confectioners' sugar.\
\

\b Sesame Candy
\b0 \
Cook 1 cup sugar, 2 tablespoons lemon juice and 1/4 teaspoon salt in a skillet over medium-high heat, swirling the pan but not stirring, until dark amber, about 7 minutes.   Off the heat, stir in 1 tablespoon butter and 1 1/2 pounds toasted sesame seeds.  Using an oiled spoon, scoop and spread into circles on an oiled parchment paper-lined baking sheet.  Let cool.\
\

\b Salted Caramel Sauce
\b0 \
Simmer 1 1/2 cups sugar and 1/2 cup water in a sauce pan over medium-high heat, swirling the pan but not stirring, until dark amber, about 12 minutes.  Off the heat, whisk in 1 cup cream, 1 teaspoon vanilla 1/2 teaspoon sea salt.  Let cool, then divide among jars and chill.\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\

\fs40 \

\b \
}