{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red34\green34\blue34;\red94\green90\blue87;\red0\green171\blue189;
}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid4}
{\list\listtemplateid5\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid5}
{\list\listtemplateid6\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid6}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}{\listoverride\listid5\listoverridecount0\ls5}{\listoverride\listid6\listoverridecount0\ls6}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12500\viewh14140\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl740\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\fs74 \cf2 Eggnog Mousse
\f1\b\fs22 \cf2 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl220\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs28 \cf2 Yield  
\b0 \cf3 Serves 8 to 10\
		\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl460\sa200\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs58 \cf2 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\sa120\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\fs42 \cf3 		3 tablespoons dark rum\
		3 tablespoons brandy\
		1 envelope unflavored (1 scant tablespoon) gelatin\
		3 large eggs, separated\
		1 cup sugar\
		2 cups heavy cream\
		1 teaspoon ground cinnamon\
		1/2 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg\
		1/8 teaspoon ground cloves\
		2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\sa120\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf4 		{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.marthastewart.com/263082/coffee-caramel"}}{\fldrslt Coffee Caramel}}\cf3 , for serving (recipe below)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl460\sa200\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs58 \cf2 Directions\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\sa320\ql\qnatural
\ls3\ilvl0
\f1\fs42 \cf3 {\listtext	.	}Prepare an ice bath; set aside. Combine spirits in a small bowl. Sprinkle with gelatin; let soften, about 5 minutes.\
{\listtext	.	}Meanwhile, combine egg yolks and 1/2 cup sugar in a heatproof bowl set over a pan of simmering water; whisk until mixture is pale and fluffy, 2 minutes. Remove from heat; whisk in gelatin mixture.\
{\listtext	.	}Set bowl over pan again; cook, whisking, until the gelatin has dissolved, about 3 minutes. Transfer bowl to the ice bath; scrape down sides of bowl, and whisk until cooled slightly, 1 to 2 minutes. \
{\listtext	.	}In the bowl of an electric mixer, combine the remaining 1/2 cup sugar with cream, cinnamon, nutmeg, cloves, and vanilla. Whisk until stiff peaks form. Fold one-third of whipped cream into gelatin mixture, then gently fold gelatin mixture into remaining whipped cream. Refrigerate (no more than 5 minutes) while preparing the egg whites. \
{\listtext	.	}In a clean bowl of the electric mixer, whisk egg whites until stiff peaks form. Fold into cream mixture. Transfer to a serving dish; cover. Chill until firm, at least 30 minutes or overnight. Serve chilled, garnished with coffee caramel.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl740\ql\qnatural
\ls3\ilvl0
\f0\fs74 \cf2 Coffee Caramel
\f1\fs24 \cf3 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl220\ql\qnatural
\ls4\ilvl0
\b\fs28 \cf2 Yield  
\b0 \cf3 Makes 1 cup\
\ls4\ilvl0\cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl460\sa200\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs58 \cf2 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\sa120\ql\qnatural
\ls5\ilvl0
\f1\fs42 \cf3 		1 1/2 cups sugar\
		2 teaspoons pure coffee extract\
		Vegetable-oil cooking spray\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl460\sa200\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs58 \cf2 Directions\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\sa320\ql\qnatural
\ls6\ilvl0
\f1\fs42 \cf3 {\listtext	.	}Coat a metal spatula and a rimmed baking sheet with cooking spray, wiping off excess; set aside. Combine sugar and 1/4 cup water in a medium, heavy-bottom saucepan. Cover; bring to a boil. Remove lid; cook until sugar has dissolved. Reduce heat to medium, and cook, washing down sides of pan with a wet pastry brush to prevent crystals from forming, and swirling pan occasionally, until mixture is 300 degrees on a candy thermometer.\
{\listtext	.	}Remove pan from heat, and carefully stir in extract (it will spatter). Pour onto prepared sheet. Quickly spread mixture into a thin layer with oiled spatula. Let cool completely, at least 15 minutes.\
{\listtext	.	}Break caramel into pieces; place in a food processor. Process until finely chopped. Store in an airtight container at room temperature up to 1 week.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural
\cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\sa260\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs32 \cf2 \
}