{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red84\green84\blue84;\red51\green51\blue51;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid4}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl520\sa80\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs66 \cf0 Gingerbread Squares with Cream Cheese Frosting\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\fs40 \cf2 Yield:  \cf0 24 squares\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\ql\qnatural

\fs52 \cf0 INGREDIENTS\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0\fs48 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 stick (1/2 cup) unsalted butter, melted and cooled, plus softened, for greasing pan\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup unsweetened cocoa powder\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 1/2 teaspoons ground ginger\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon baking soda\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 teaspoon ground allspice\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1/4 teaspoon ground nutmeg\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup packed light brown sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup molasses\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup sour cream\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 large eggs\
{\listtext	\'95	}Cream Cheese Frosting, recipe follows\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls3\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}Cream Cheese Frosting:\
{\listtext	\'95	}Two 8-ounce packages cream cheese, at room temperature\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 stick (1/2 cup) unsalted butter, softened\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls4\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}Pinch salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 cups confectioners' sugar\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\ql\qnatural

\b\fs52 \cf0 DIRECTIONS\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa160\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs48 \cf3 Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Grease a 9-by-13-inch baking dish. Line the dish with parchment paper, letting paper hang over the sides of the dish for easy removal of the brownies. \uc0\u8232 \u8232 In a medium bowl, whisk together the flour, cocoa powder, ginger, baking soda, cinnamon, allspice and nutmeg. In a large bowl, whisk together the brown sugar, melted butter, molasses, sour cream and eggs. Slowly stir in the flour mixture a little at a time, stirring just until no lumps or streaks remain. Pour the batter into the prepared baking dish. \u8232 \u8232 Bake until a toothpick inserted into the center of the gingerbread comes out clean, 30 to 35 minutes. Allow the gingerbread to cool in the pan 5 to 10 minutes, then remove by lifting both sides of the parchment paper. Place on a wire rack to cool completely. \u8232 \u8232 Once cool, spread with the Cream Cheese Frosting. Store in an airtight container for up 5 days. Cut into squares and serve, or give as gifts.\
In the bowl of an electric mixer, combine the cream cheese and butter and beat until light and fluffy. Beat in the vanilla and salt. Beat in the confectioners' sugar a little at a time, beating until fully incorporated. Use immediately, or refrigerate up to 5 days.\
}