{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red61\green61\blue61;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww20380\viewh18240\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri1000\sl500\sa80\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs58 \cf2 Gingerbread Cookies\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs32 \cf2 Yield:  
\b0 12 to 16 cookies\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs58 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa140\ql\qnatural

\fs52 \cf2 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl420\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}1 cup (2 sticks) unsalted butter, room temperature\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup light brown sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup mild molasses\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 1/2 cups all-purpose flour, plus more for dusting\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon ground ginger\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon ground cinnamon\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 teaspoons ground allspice\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon baking soda\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 teaspoon ground cloves\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa140\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b\fs52 \cf2 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa180\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf2 Combine butter, sugar, and molasses together in a standing mixer with the paddle attachment until light and fluffy, about 3 minutes. Meanwhile, whisk together the remaining dry ingredients in a separate bowl.\
Add the dry ingredients to the butter mixture in increments, and continue to beat until thoroughly mixed together.\
Pour the dough out onto the countertop and divide into 4 pieces. Press each piece into a disk and wrap in plastic wrap. Place in the refrigerator and chill for 1 to 2 hours, or up to 3 days.\
Adjust the racks to the center of the oven and preheat to 350 degrees F. Line sheet trays with parchment paper.\
Spread 2 large pieces of parchment paper out and very lightly flour them. Place a disk of dough between the parchment sheets and roll out to 1/4-inch thickness. Repeat with the remaining disks of dough. Rework all scraps into balls and re-chill before reusing. Repeat with all the dough.\
Cut out cookies and place on the parchment-lined sheet trays with an offset spatula, leaving 1-inch between each cookie. Bake the cookies for 10 to 12 minutes. Cool on the sheet tray for 5 minutes, and then transfer to a cooling rack to continue cooling to room temperature before decorating the cookies with Royal Icing.\
}