{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red34\green34\blue34;\red94\green90\blue87;\red0\green171\blue189;
}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid4}
{\list\listtemplateid5\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid5}
{\list\listtemplateid6\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid6}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}{\listoverride\listid5\listoverridecount0\ls5}{\listoverride\listid6\listoverridecount0\ls6}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl740\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\fs74 \cf2 Honey-Gingerbread Cookies
\f1\b\fs22 \cf2 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl220\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs28 \cf2 Yield  
\b0 \cf3 Makes about 2 dozen town houses, 4 dozen deer or trees, or 6 dozen men\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl220\ql\qnatural
\cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl460\sa200\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs58 \cf2 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\sa120\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\fs42 \cf3 		5 1/2 cups all-purpose flour, plus more for dusting\
		1 teaspoon baking soda\
		1 1/2 teaspoons salt\
		4 teaspoons ground ginger\
		4 teaspoons ground cinnamon\
		1 1/2 teaspoons ground cloves\
		1 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg\
		2 sticks (16 tablespoons) unsalted butter, room temperature\
		1 cup granulated sugar\
		2 large eggs\
		1 cup honey\
		1/2 cup unsulfured molasses\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\sa120\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf4 		{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.marthastewart.com/283931/royal-icing"}}{\fldrslt Royal Icing}}\cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl460\sa200\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs58 \cf2 Directions\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\sa320\ql\qnatural
\ls3\ilvl0
\f1\fs42 \cf3 {\listtext	.	}Whisk together flour, baking soda, salt, and spices in a medium bowl.\
{\listtext	.	}Beat butter and sugar with a mixer on medium-high speed until fluffy. Add eggs, 1 at a time, beating well after each addition. Beat in honey and molasses. Reduce speed to low. Gradually add flour mixture, and beat until just combined. Divide dough into 3 portions, and wrap each in plastic. Refrigerate for 1 hour.\
{\listtext	.	}Preheat oven to 350 degrees. On a generously floured piece of parchment, roll dough to a scant 1/4 inch thick. Brush off excess flour. Slide dough and parchment onto a baking sheet, and freeze for 15 minutes.\
{\listtext	.	}Cut out desired shapes. Transfer to parchment-lined baking sheets, and freeze for 15 minutes.\
{\listtext	.	}Bake cookies for 6 minutes. Remove sheets from oven, and tap them firmly on counter to flatten cookies. Return to oven, rotating sheets, and bake until crisp but not darkened, 6 to 8 minutes more. Let cool on sheets on wire racks.\
{\listtext	.	}Spoon icing into a pastry bag fitted with a very small plain round tip (such as Ateco #0 or #1). Pipe designs on cookies. Let cookies stand at room temperature until set, at least 2 hours (preferably overnight). Cookies can be stored between layers of parchment in airtight containers for up to 1 week.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl740\ql\qnatural
\ls4\ilvl0
\f0\fs74 \cf2 Royal Icing
\f1\b\fs22 \cf2 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl220\ql\qnatural
\ls4\ilvl0
\fs28 \cf2 Yield  
\b0 \cf3 Makes about 2 1/2 cups\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl220\ql\qnatural
\cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl460\sa200\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs58 \cf2 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\sa120\ql\qnatural
\ls5\ilvl0
\f1\fs42 \cf3 		1 pound confectioners' sugar, plus more if needed\
		5 tablespoons meringue powder\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl460\sa200\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs58 \cf2 Directions\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\sa320\ql\qnatural
\ls6\ilvl0
\f1\fs42 \cf3 {\listtext	.	}Beat sugar, meringue powder, and a scant 1/4 cup water in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment on low speed until smooth, about 7 minutes. If icing is too thick, add more water, 1 teaspoon at a time; if too thin, beat icing for 2 to 3 minutes more, or add more sugar, 1 tablespoon at a time. Use immediately or store in an airtight container at room temperature overnight; stir before using.\
}