{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13380\viewh18400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs64 \cf0 Better-for-You Eggnog
\f1\fs44 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs34 \cf0 Servings: Serves 6 (about 100 calories each serving)
\fs28 \

\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\fs52 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural

\fs36 \cf0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl360\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f2\fs46 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}6 cups skim milk\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup egg substitute\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup nonfat powdered milk\
{\listtext	\'95	}6 Tbsp. sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tsp. vanilla extract\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tsp. rum extract\
{\listtext	\'95	}Ground nutmeg or cinnamon\
{\listtext	\'95	}Sugar-free whipped topping\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs50 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural

\f2\fs46 \cf0 In a medium pot over medium heat, whisk together skim milk, egg substitute, powdered milk, and sugar over medium heat. Cook, stirring, 15 to 20 minutes, until thickened.\
\
Remove from heat; whisk in vanilla and rum extracts. Let cool, stirring occasionally, 20 to 30 minutes. Refrigerate until chilled, 2 to 3 hours.\
\
Stir well and pour into cups. Sprinkle each with nutmeg or cinnamon, and add a dollop of whipped topping.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f3\b\fs52 \cf0 Low-Fat Eggnog\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f2\fs32 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 6 servings
\fs26 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs30 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f3\b\fs46 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f2\b0\fs44 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}2 cups nonfat milk\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 large strips {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/orange/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 orange}} and/or {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/zest/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 lemon zest}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/vanilla/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 vanilla bean}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 large eggs plus 1 egg yolk\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/3 cup sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cornstarch/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cornstarch}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}White rum or {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/bourbon/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 bourbon}} (optional)\
{\listtext	\'95	}Freshly grated {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/nutmeg/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 nutmeg}}, for garnish\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f3\b\fs46 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f2\b0\fs44 \cf0 Combine 1 1/2 cups milk and the citrus zest in a medium saucepan. Split the vanilla bean lengthwise and scrape out the seeds; add the seeds and pod to the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/saucepan/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 saucepan}} and bring to a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/simmer/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 simmer}} over medium heat. Meanwhile, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/whisk/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 whisk}} the eggs, egg yolk, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sugar/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 sugar}} and cornstarch in a medium bowl until light yellow.\
Gradually pour the hot milk mixture into the egg mixture, whisking constantly, then pour back into the pan. Place over medium heat and stir constantly with a wooden spoon in a figure-eight motion until the eggnog begins to thicken, about 8 minutes. Remove from the heat and immediately stir in the remaining 1/2 cup {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/milk/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 milk}} to stop the cooking. Transfer the eggnog to a large bowl and place over a larger bowl of ice to cool, then chill until ready to serve.\
Remove the zest and vanilla pod. Spike the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/eggnog/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 eggnog}} with {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/liquor/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 liquor}}, if desired, and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/garnish/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 garnish}} with nutmeg.
\fs66 \
}