{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red84\green84\blue84;\red51\green51\blue51;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl520\sa80\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs66 \cf0 Meyer Lemon Cardamom Crinkle Cookies\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\fs40 \cf2 Yield:  \cf0 18 cookies; 6 servings\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\ql\qnatural

\fs52 \cf0 INGREDIENTS\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0\fs48 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}9 ounces all-purpose flour (about 1 3/4 cups), sifted\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 teaspoons ground cardamom\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 teaspoons baking powder\
{\listtext	\'95	}Sea salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}Zest of 4 Meyer lemons\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup powdered sugar\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}8 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup granulated sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 extra-large eggs\
{\listtext	\'95	}3/4 teaspoon pure vanilla extract\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\ql\qnatural

\b\fs52 \cf0 DIRECTIONS\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa160\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs48 \cf3 Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Set out 2 sheet pans. \uc0\u8232 \u8232 Whisk to combine the flour, cardamom, baking powder, 1/2 teaspoon salt, and lemon zest in a large bowl and set aside. \u8232 \u8232 Sift the powdered sugar into another bowl to ensure there are no lumps and set aside. \u8232 \u8232 In an electric standing mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, spread the butter around the bowl by mixing on low for about 20 seconds. Bump the speed up to medium low, and slowly stream in the granulated sugar. Cream the butter and sugar on medium speed for about 2 minutes. \u8232 \u8232 (We are cutting little holes in the butter with the abrasive sugar, and those little holes will expand from the leavening properties of the baking powder during baking so we can get that soft cakey texture for the cookies.) \u8232 \u8232 Scrape down the bowl with a spatula, add the eggs one at a time, and mix on medium until incorporated. Add the vanilla and beat until blended. \u8232 \u8232 Turn off the mixer and add the flour mixture. Mix on low speed until the flour disappears. \u8232 \u8232 Use a number 40 (1 1/2 tablespoons) scoop to portion out your cookies, then roll the portioned dough into small balls. Roll the balls in the sifted powdered sugar, and place on the sheet pan at least 2-inches apart. \u8232 \u8232 Bake for 13 to14 minutes, until the surface of the cookies have cracked and puffed up. The cookies will not be browned. Cool the cookies on a wire rack and serve.\
Cook's Note: When you bite into these cookies, you first get through the gently crisp and sweet edge, and your teeth sink into the tender, soft, and cakey interior. These cookies have a unique flavor, as it is a combination of Meyer lemon (often described as a cross between lemon and orange) as well as ground cardamom. \uc0\u8232 \u8232 Creaming the butter and sugar together is such an important step. This method ensures that the cakey tender texture characteristic of this cookie is achieved.\
}