{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red84\green84\blue84;\red51\green51\blue51;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl520\sa80\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs64 \cf0 Sables\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\fs38 \cf2 Yield:  \cf0 Makes 2 1/2 Dozen Cookies\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\ql\qnatural

\fs48 \cf0 INGREDIENTS\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0\fs44 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 cup unsalted butter, at room temperature\
{\listtext	\'95	}3/4 cup sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}Scant 1/2 teaspoon lemon zest\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}2 egg yolks, at room temperature\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 cups all purpose flour\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup coarse sugar or sanding sugar, for decorating\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\ql\qnatural

\b\fs48 \cf0 DIRECTIONS\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa160\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs44 \cf3 Beat the butter until smooth and creamy. Add the sugar, salt, and lemon zest and mix for another minute, until thoroughly combined. Then mix in the egg yolks. \uc0\u8232 \u8232 Gradually add the flour and beat until the dough looks moist. Divide the dough in half and roll each half into 8-inch log. Wrap logs in parchment paper and refrigerate overnight. \u8232 \u8232 Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. \u8232 \u8232 When you're ready to bake, grease a few cookie sheets or line them with parchment paper. Pull out the dough and brush the egg white over the outside. Sprinkle the sanding sugar all over the log, rolling it around a bit to make sure the sugar sticks. \u8232 \u8232 Using a sharp knife, cut the log into 1/4-inch-thick slices and place them on cookie sheets about 1 inch apart. \u8232 \u8232 Bake for 12 to 15 minutes, until the cookies are brown around the edges.}