{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red18\green18\blue18;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13960\viewh17420\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs46 \cf0 Sugar Cookie Cutouts\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\fs24 \cf2 \

\fs30 INGREDIENTS
\b0 \
\

\fs38 For the Cookies:\
1 cup butter (no substitutes), softened\
1 cup sugar\
2 eggs\
1/4 cup half-and-half cream\
3 cups all-purpose flour\
2 teaspoons baking powder\
1 teaspoon baking soda\
1/2 teaspoon salt\
\
For the Frosting:\
1/2 cup butter, softened\
4 cups confectioners' sugar\
1 teaspoon vanilla extract\
2 to 4 tablespoons half-and-half cream\
Food coloring and colored sugar, optional\

\b\fs40 \

\fs30 DIRECTIONS
\b0\fs40 \

\itap1\trowd \taflags0 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clwWidth9320\clftsWidth3 \clmart10 \clmarl10 \clmarb10 \clmarr10 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt40 \clpadl40 \clpadb40 \clpadr40 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\fs30 \cf2 FOR THE COOKIES:
\fs40 \

\fs38 In a mixing bowl, cream butter and sugar. Add eggs, one at a time, beating well after each addition. Beat in cream. Combine the flour, baking powder, baking soda and salt; gradually add to creamed mixture. Cover and refrigerate for 3 hours or until easy to handle.\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags0 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clwWidth9320\clftsWidth3 \clmart10 \clmarl10 \clmarb10 \clmarr10 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt40 \clpadl40 \clpadb40 \clpadr40 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
\cf2 On a lightly floured surface, roll out dough to 1/8-in. thickness. Cut with 2 1/2-in. cookie cutters dipped in flour. Place 1 in. apart on ungreased baking sheets. Bake at 325 degrees F for 6-8 minutes or until edges are lightly browned. Remove to wire racks to cool.\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags0 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clwWidth9320\clftsWidth3 \clmart10 \clmarl10 \clmarb10 \clmarr10 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt40 \clpadl40 \clpadb40 \clpadr40 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\fs30 \cf2 FOR THE FROSTING:
\fs40 \
In a mixing bowl, cream butter, sugar, vanilla and enough cream to achieve desired frosting consistency. Add food coloring if desired. Frost cookies. Sprinkle with colored sugar if desired.\cell \lastrow\row
}