{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14740\viewh17860\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs66 \cf0 Sugar Cookies with Royal Icing
\b0\fs52 \
Yield:24 cookies\

\fs46 \

\b\fs62 Ingredients
\b0 \
Sugar Cookies:\
3 sticks unsalted butter, room temperature\
1 cup granulated sugar\
1 teaspoon vanilla extract\
Pinch salt\
3 1/2 cups all-purpose flour\
Royal Icing:\
1 pound confectioner's sugar\
5 tablespoons meringue powder\
1 teaspoon vanilla extract\
Food coloring, optional\
\

\b Directions
\b0 \
For the sugar cookies: In a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, beat the butter and sugar together just until combined, about 5 minutes. Add the vanilla and salt and beat a moment more, just to bring together.\
With the mixer on low speed, gradually add the flour. Beat just until it comes together. Form the dough into equal-sized balls (about 24). Cover in plastic and chill for at least 30 minutes.\
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.\
On a lightly floured work surface, use a lightly floured rolling pin to roll the dough balls out to a 1/4-inch thickness. With a lightly floured cookie cutter, cut the cookies out in desired shapes and transfer them to a parchment-lined cookie sheet. Bake until the cookies are very light golden brown around the edges, about 10 minutes. Let cool completely before decorating with royal icing.\
For the royal icing: Combine the confectioner's sugar, meringue powder and vanilla in a large bowl. With an electric hand mixer running on low speed, very gradually beat in 1/2 cup water, checking the consistency once most of the water has been added. Beat until the icing holds a ribbon, adding more water as needed. If too loose, add more sugar.\
If coloring the royal icing, add a few drops of food coloring to the finished icing and slowly mix until completely incorporated.\
\
}