{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab1134
\pard\pardeftab1134\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ancho Chicken Tortilla Soup\
\pard\pardeftab1134\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs24 \cf0 Serves:  4 to 6 servings\
\
\pard\pardeftab1134\ql\qnatural

\b\fs36 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\pardeftab1134\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf0 6 (6-inch) flour tortillas\
Cooking spray
\fs24 \

\fs36 2 large ancho chiles, seeded and stemmed
\fs24 \

\fs36 1 quart chicken stock
\fs24 \

\fs36 2 tablespoons vegetable oil
\fs24 \

\fs36 2 ears corn on the cob, husked, kernels removed or 1 cup frozen kernels, defrosted
\fs24 \

\fs36 1 large red onion, chopped
\fs24 \

\fs36 1 jalapeno chile, seeded and chopped or thinly sliced
\fs24 \

\fs36 1 red chile pepper, seeded and chopped or thinly sliced
\fs24 \

\fs36 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped
\fs24 \

\fs36 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1/3 palmful
\fs24 \

\fs36 1 \'bd  teaspoons smoked sweet paprika, half a palmful
\fs24 \

\fs36 \'bd  teaspoon ground cinnamon, eyeball it in your palm
\fs24 \

\fs36 1 (28-ounce) can fire roasted diced or crushed tomatoes
\fs24 \

\fs36 1 tablespoon honey
\fs24 \

\fs36 1 rotisserie chicken, skinned and shredded
\fs24 \

\fs36 Salt and freshly ground black pepper
\fs24 \

\fs36 1 to 2 cups water
\fs24 \

\fs36 2 limes
\fs24 \

\fs36 2 ripe Hass avocados, halved
\fs24 \

\fs36 Sour cream, for garnish
\fs24 \

\fs36 Cilantro leaves, for garnish
\fs24 \
\
\pard\pardeftab1134\ql\qnatural

\b\fs36 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab1134\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf0 Heat the oven to 350 degrees F. Slice the tortillas into 1/2-inch strips and scatter on large baking sheet. Spray with cooking spray and bake until golden and crisp. Remove from the oven and reserve.\
\pard\pardeftab1134\ql\qnatural

\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab1134\ql\qnatural

\fs36 \cf0 While the tortillas crisp, add the ancho chiles and the chicken stock to a large pot and bring to a boil over medium heat. Reduce the heat to low and simmer until the chiles are tender. Remove from the heat to cool.
\fs24 \

\fs36 While the anchos simmer, heat a medium soup pot with vegetable oil over high heat. Add the corn and saute until charred at the edges, 2 to 3 minutes. Reduce the heat a little, add the onions, jalapeno, red chile pepper and garlic. Season with cumin, smoked paprika and cinnamon. Saute for 5 minutes, then stir in the tomatoes. Puree the anchos and the stock in a food processor, then add it to the soup pot. Stir in the honey and the shredded chicken and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Thin the soup with 1 or 2 cups of water and simmer over low heat to combine flavors, about 5 minutes.
\fs24 \

\fs36 Zest and juice 1 lime and add to the soup pot. Seed and dice the avocados and add to a small bowl. Dress with the juice of the remaining lime.
\fs24 \

\fs36 Pile some crispy tortilla strips into each soup bowl. Top with diced avocado and ladle the soup over the avocado. Garnish with sour cream and whole or chopped cilantro leaves.
\fs24 \
\
\
}