{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red61\green61\blue61;\red6\green124\blue174;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17000\viewh16020\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-1340\sl500\sa80\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs46 \cf2 Asparagus Soup with Herbed Goat Cheese\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs26 \cf2 Yield: 
\b0 4 to 6 servings (6 1/2 cups)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\fs22 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf2 Ingredients\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\sa80\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs34 \cf2 Goat cheese:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl420\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0 \cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup (4 ounces) goat cheese, at room temperature\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons chopped fresh basil leaves\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl420\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf3 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/salt/index.html"}}{\fldrslt Kosher salt}}\cf2  and freshly ground black pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}Vegetable oil cooking spray\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\sa80\ql\qnatural

\b \cf2 Soup:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl420\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\b0 \cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 large {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/leek/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 leek}} (white and light green part only), thinly sliced\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 cups low-sodium {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/broth/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 chicken broth}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 pounds medium {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/asparagus/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 asparagus}}, trimmed and cut into 1-inch pieces\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup chopped fresh {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/basil/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 basil}} leaves\
{\listtext	\'95	}Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}Special equipment: a 1/2-ounce cookie or ice cream scoop\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf2 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa180\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs34 \cf2 Goat cheese: Line a small baking sheet with parchment paper. Set aside.\
Using a fork, in a small bowl, combine the goat cheese and basil until smooth. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Using a 1/2-ounce cookie scoop or a round tablespoon measure sprayed with vegetable oil {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cooking-spray/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 cooking spray}}, scoop the goat cheese into balls and arrange on the prepared baking sheet. Refrigerate for 30 minutes.\
Soup: In a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/dutch-oven/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 Dutch oven}} or large {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/saucepan/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 saucepan}}, heat the butter over medium heat. Add the leeks and cook, stirring constantly until softened, about 3 to 4 minutes. Add the broth, asparagus and basil. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Increase the heat to high and bring the mixture to a boil. Reduce to a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/simmer/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 simmer}} and cook until the asparagus is tender, about 15 minutes. Using an {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/immersion-blender/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 immersion blender}}, blend the soup until smooth. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Keep the soup warm over low heat.\
To serve: Ladle the soup into shallow bowls and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/garnish/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 garnish}} with the herbed goat cheese.\
Cook's Note: The soup can also be pureed by ladling, in batches, into a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/food-processor/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 food processor}} or blender and blended until smooth.\
}