{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16680\viewh17640\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs72 \cf0 Award-Winning Chili
\fs66 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs46 \cf2 Serves:
\b   
\b0 \cf0 6 to 8 servings\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs50 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs58 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs56 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}5 pounds beef brisket, cut in 1-inch cubes\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/olive-oil/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 olive oil}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 cups chopped yellow onions\
{\listtext	\'95	}6 large {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/garlic/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 garlic cloves}}, minced\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/chili-powder/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 chili powder}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/red-pepper-flakes/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 red pepper flakes}}, crushed\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon cayenne pepper, or to taste\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons ground cumin\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 green peppers, seeded and diced\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/bay-leaf/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 bay leaf}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}6 cups tomatoes, chopped with their liquid\
{\listtext	\'95	}Salt and freshly ground black pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup strong coffee\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 (15-ounce) cans {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/kidney-bean/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 kidney beans}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons chopped basil leaves\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs58 \cf0 Serve with:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs56 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}Sour cream\
{\listtext	\'95	}Grated Cheddar\
{\listtext	\'95	}Diced tomato\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/tortilla/index.html"}}{\fldrslt Tortilla}}\cf0  chips\
{\listtext	\'95	}Guacamole (see recipe)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs58 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs56 \cf0 Pat the brisket cubes dry with paper towels. Heat the oil in a very large heavy-bottomed pot and quickly brown the meat, in batches, on all sides. Transfer the brisket to a separate bowl and set aside. Saute the onion and garlic in the same oil over medium heat until limp, but not brown, about 8 to 10 minutes. Add the chili powder, pepper flakes, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cayenne-pepper/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cayenne pepper}} and cumin and saute for 1 minute. Add the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/green-pepper/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 green peppers}}, bay leaf, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/tomato/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 tomatoes}} with their juice, the reserved meat, 1 tablespoon of salt and 1 teaspoon pepper and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat, cover the pot with a tight fitting lid and simmer for 2 1/2 hours, stirring occasionally. Taste and season with salt, to taste. Add the coffee, cover the pot and simmer for 1 more hour.\
Add the kidney beans and basil, and warm through. Transfer the chili to a large serving bowl and serve with {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sour-cream/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 sour cream}}, grated Cheddar, diced tomato, tortilla chips and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/guacamole/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 guacamole}}.\
\
}