{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Chicken-and-Dumpling Soup\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs32 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 8 servings\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs36 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon unsalted butter\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 cloves garlic, minced\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 carrots, diced\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 bulb celery root, peeled and finely diced\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 turnip, peeled and finely diced\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 rutabaga, peeled and finely diced\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 onion, finely diced\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 bulb fennel, finely diced\
{\listtext	\'95	}Kosher salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 cups white wine\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon fennel seeds, toasted\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 sprigs fresh thyme\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 bay leaves\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 2 1/2-pound organic chicken\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup milk\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup chicken fat (sold fresh or frozen in tubs at gourmet stores)\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons chopped fresh tarragon\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon ground nutmeg\
{\listtext	\'95	}Freshly ground pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/4 cups all-purpose flour\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 large eggs\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 Melt the butter in a 6-quart pot over medium heat. Add the garlic, carrots, celery root, turnip, rutabaga, onion, diced fennel and a large pinch of salt; cook until the vegetables are tender, about 5 minutes.\
Add the wine, 6 cups water, fennel seeds, thyme and bay leaves; bring to a simmer. Add the chicken and simmer for 2 hours. Remove the chicken and let cool. Pick off the meat in shreds; set aside.\
About 15 minutes before the chicken has finished simmering, prepare the dumplings: Combine the milk, chicken fat, 1 tablespoon tarragon, the nutmeg and 1/2 teaspoon each salt and pepper in a medium saucepan; bring to a simmer over medium heat. Remove from heat; add the flour and stir vigorously with a wooden spoon until the liquid is absorbed. Whisk in the eggs, one at a time, to make a thick dough.\
Bring the soup to a boil. Form the dough into eight dumplings (an ice cream scoop is perfect for this); drop into the soup. Cover and cook until the dumplings float to the surface, about 10 minutes.\
Add the chicken meat, parsley and the remaining 1 tablespoon tarragon to the soup; stir carefully and divide among warm bowls.\
\
}