{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12600\viewh13660\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 Chicken and Dumpling Soup
\f1\b0\fs38 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Serves: 4 to 6 servings\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl300\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs38 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 whole chicken, cut into 8 pieces\
{\listtext	\'95	}6 cups {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/broth/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 chicken broth}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 bunch {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/thyme/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 thyme}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/bay-leaf/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 bay leaf}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs42 \cf0 Dumplings:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl300\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs38 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}2 cups all-purpose flour\
{\listtext	\'95	}Salt and freshly ground black pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon baking powder\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup heavy {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cream/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cream}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons salted butter\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon finely chopped {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/parsley/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 parsley}} leaves\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon finely chopped thyme leaves\
{\listtext	\'95	}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon vegetable oil\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 large onion, chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 carrots, peeled and sliced into 1/2-inch rounds\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 ribs {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/celery/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 celery}}, sliced into 1/2-inch rounds\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 cloves finely chopped garlic\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs38 \cf0 In a very large {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/saucepan/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 saucepan}} or Dutch oven, add chicken, chicken broth, thyme, and bay leaf to cover. Turn on heat to low and let {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/simmer/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 simmer}} for 20 minutes, until the chicken is cooked through. *Cook's Note: You'll want to {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/poach/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 poach}} the chicken on a low simmer and start with cold {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/stock/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 stock}} so the chicken cooks evenly.\
Once the chicken is cooked, transfer to a 13 by 9-inch {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/casserole/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 casserole dish}} and let cool. Reserve broth and discard the thyme and bay leaf. When chicken has cooled, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/shred/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 shred}}. Use your hands or a fork and make sure to get all the meat off the bone. Discard the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/skin/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 skin}} and bones.\
\
Dumplings:\
Add flour, salt and pepper, to taste, and baking powder to a large bowl and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/whisk/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 whisk}} together. In a small saucepan, bring heavy cream, butter and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/herbs/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 herbs}} to a low simmer then add to the dry ingredients. Stir with a rubber spatula until combined. Using your hands, form {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/dough/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 dough}} into dumplings.\
\
Heat a large Dutch oven over medium heat and add oil. Once oil is hot, add onions, carrots, celery and garlic. Saute until soft, 3 to 4 minutes. Add reserved broth to {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/dutch-oven/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Dutch oven}} with vegetables and add the chicken. Bring to a low simmer. Add dumplings 1 at a time into the simmering {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/soup/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 soup}}. Cover pan with a lid and cook for 25 minutes. Add salt and pepper, to taste, if necessary.\
}