{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww24600\viewh20240\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl500\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs46 \cf0 Award-Winning Chili
\f1\b0\fs26 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260\ql\qnatural

\b \cf2 Serves: 
\b0 \cf0 6 to 8 servings\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs30 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs42 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl420\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs40 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}5 pounds beef {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/brisket/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 brisket}}, cut in 1-inch cubes\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup olive oil\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 cups chopped yellow onions\
{\listtext	\'95	}6 large {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/garlic/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 garlic}} cloves, minced\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons chili powder\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon red pepper flakes, crushed\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cayenne-pepper/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cayenne pepper}}, or to taste\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons ground {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cumin/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cumin}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 green peppers, seeded and diced\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 bay leaf\
{\listtext	\'95	}6 cups {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/tomato/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 tomatoes}}, chopped with their liquid\
{\listtext	\'95	}Salt and freshly ground black pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup strong coffee\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 (15-ounce) cans {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/kidney/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 kidney}} beans\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons chopped {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/basil/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 basil}} leaves\
{\listtext	\'95	}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs42 \cf0 Serve with:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl420\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs40 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}Sour cream\
{\listtext	\'95	}Grated {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cheddar/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Cheddar}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}Diced tomato\
{\listtext	\'95	}Tortilla {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/chips/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 chips}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}Guacamole (see recipe)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs42 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs40 \cf0 Pat the brisket cubes dry with paper towels. Heat the oil in a very large heavy-bottomed pot and quickly brown the meat, in batches, on all sides. Transfer the brisket to a separate bowl and set aside. Saute the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/onion/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 onion}} and garlic in the same oil over medium heat until limp, but not brown, about 8 to 10 minutes. Add the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/chili-powder/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 chili powder}}, pepper flakes, cayenne pepper and cumin and saute for 1 minute. Add the green peppers, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/bay-leaf/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 bay leaf}}, tomatoes with their juice, the reserved meat, 1 tablespoon of salt and 1 teaspoon pepper and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat, cover the pot with a tight fitting lid and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/simmer/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 simmer}} for 2 1/2 hours, stirring occasionally. Taste and season with salt, to taste. Add the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/coffee/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 coffee}}, cover the pot and simmer for 1 more hour.\
Add the kidney {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/beans/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 beans}} and basil, and warm through. Transfer the chili to a large serving bowl and serve with {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sour-cream/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 sour cream}}, grated Cheddar, diced tomato, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/tortilla/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 tortilla}} chips and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/guacamole/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 guacamole}}.
\fs36 \
\
\
}