{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red51\green51\blue51;\red76\green76\blue76;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14520\viewh18560\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs50 \cf2 Chili Con Carne\

\itap1\trowd \taflags4 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth17320\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt220 \clpadl220 \clpadb220 \clpadr220 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs32 \cf2 Serves 8
\f0 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f1\i \cf2 Ground ancho chiles can be found at Whole Foods in a bag, versus selling out the big bucks for spice jars...or, look for it in Latin American grocery stores, along with the masa harina.\'a0 
\f0\i0 \
\
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs44 \cf2 vegetable oil\
4 pounds cubed boneless beef chuck\
2 onions, chopped\
1 head of garlic, peeled & chopped\
1/4-1/2 cup dried ancho chiles \{adjust to your heat preference\}\
2 tablespoons ground cumin\
1/2 teaspoon ground allspice\
1/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon\
1/4 teaspoon ground cloves\
1 \{12 ounce\} bottle of dark beer\
1 \{28 ounce\} can fire-roasted diced tomatoes, with juice\
2 teaspoons dried oregano\
2 teaspoons kosher salt\
2 tablespoons tomato paste\
3 tablespoons masa harina\
optional garnishes: diced red onion, chopped fresh cilantro, shredded jack cheese & sour cream\
\
Heat 1 tablespoon of oil in a large, heavy pot over medium high heat.\'a0 Add a third of the beef \{depending on the size of your pot\}, sprinkle it with some kosher salt & cook until browned on all sides.\'a0 Work in batches, until all the beef is browned.\'a0 Transfer to a plate & set aside.\
In the same pot, add another tablespoon of oil & stir in the onions.\'a0 Saute for 8-10 minutes, or until softened.\'a0 Add the garlic & cook for 3 minutes.\'a0 Stir in the ground ancho chiles, cumin, allspice, cinnamon & cloves.\'a0 Cook, stirring constantly, for 1 minute.\'a0 Add the beer & stir for 1 minute, scraping up any bits stuck to the bottom of the pot.\'a0 Return the beef, along with any accumulated juices, to the pot.\'a0 Add the diced tomatoes, oregano & salt.\'a0 Stir to combine & bring the mixture to a boil.\'a0 Reduce the heat to a simmer, partially cover the pot & cook for 1 1/2-2 hours, or until the beef is tender.\
Remove the pot from the heat & let it sit at room temperature for one hour.\'a0 Transfer the pot to the refrigerator, cover & chill overnight.\
The next day, skim the fat from the chili.\'a0 Bring back to a boil, adding in some water if it has thickened too much.\'a0 Stir in the tomato paste & masa harina.\'a0 Simmer, uncovered, for about a half hour, or until heated through & the beef is very tender.\
Serve garnished with your favorite chili toppings.  Some of my favorites are shredded jack cheese, diced red onion, chopped fresh cilantro & a dollop of sour cream.\cell \lastrow\row
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural
\cf3 \
}