{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red34\green34\blue34;\red94\green90\blue87;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl740\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs74 \cf2 Curried Apple Soup\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl220\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs28 \cf3 Serves 4\

\f0\fs46 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl460\sa200\ql\qnatural

\fs58 \cf2 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\sa120\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\fs42 \cf3 		1 tablespoon unsalted butter\
		2 shallots, minced\
		2 teaspoons freshly grated ginger\
		1 1/2 tablespoons curry powder\
		2 Granny Smith apples, peeled, cored, and cut into 1-inch pieces\
		1 small russet potato, peeled and cut into 1-inch pieces\
		1 teaspoon coarse salt, plus more for seasoning\
		3 3/4 cups homemade or low-sodium canned chicken stock\
		1/2 cup heavy cream or milk\
		Freshly ground pepper\
		Sour cream, for garnish\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl460\sa200\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs58 \cf2 Directions\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\sa320\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\fs42 \cf3 {\listtext	.	}Melt butter in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Add shallots; cook until soft and translucent, about 2 minutes. Add ginger and curry powder; cook, stirring, 1 minute. Add apples, potato, salt, and chicken stock. Bring to a simmer over medium-high heat, and cook until potato is tender when pierced with a paring knife, about 12 minutes. Remove from heat, and let cool slightly.\
{\listtext	.	}Use an immersion blender, or transfer mixture to the jar of a blender, working in batches if necessary so as not to fill more than halfway; puree just until smooth (do not overprocess). Return soup to pan; stir in cream, and season with salt and pepper. Place over medium heat until soup is just heated through; do not let it boil. Divide soup among serving bowls, and garnish with sour cream.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\sa260\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs44 \cf2 \
}