{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13460\viewh18020\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs46 \cf0 French Onion Soup I
\b0 \

\fs30 Servings 4\
\

\i Caramelize the onions in a dry nonstick skillet (be sure to use one with a silicone surface designed for use over high heat, not Teflon).\
Use good-quality beef stock, preferably one that is low in salt.\
\

\i0\b\fs40 Ingredients
\b0 \
 2     medium onions, finely chopped\
 1     T. unsalted butter\
 1     T. Calvados, Applejack,  \
        or other brandy\
 4     cups low-salt beef stock\
        Kosher salt and freshly ground \
        black pepper\
 4     1/2" thick slices baguette,\
        cut to fit ramekins\
 1     cup grate Gruyere or raclette\
        cheese\
\

\b Directions \

\b0 Preheat
\b  
\b0 oven to
\b  
\b0 450 degrees.\
Cook onions in a 12" nonstick skillet over high heat, stirring constantly, until soft and caramelized, about 15 minutes.  Add butter and toss onions to coat.  Remove pan from heat and stir in Calvados.  Return pan to heat and continue cooking until Calvados is absorbed, about 30 seconds.  Add stock and bring to a simmer.  Simmer until soup is reduced to 4 cups, about 5 minutes.\
Season soup to taste with salt and pepper.\
Place ramekins on a rimmed baking sheet.  Divide soup among ramekins.\
Top each ramekin with 1 slice of bread.  Sprinkle 1/4 cup cheese over each.  Transfer baking sheet with ramekins to oven and bake until cheese is bubbly and browned in spots, about 4 minutes.}