{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww20420\viewh21320\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs50 \cf0  French Onion Soup
\f1\b0\fs30 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\b\fs28 \cf2 Serves: 
\b0 \cf0 4 to 6 servings\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 Ingredients
\fs46 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}2 1/2 pounds yellow onions, halved, and sliced 1/4-inch thick (8 cups)\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 pound unsalted butter\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 \cf2 bay leaf\cf0 \
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup medium-dry \cf2 sherry\cf0 \
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup \cf2 brandy\cf0  or \cf2 Cognac\cf0 \
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 cups good dry white wine\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 cups beef stock\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 cups veal stock (recipe below)\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon \cf2 kosher salt\cf0 \
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon freshly ground \cf2 white pepper\
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}12 thin slices baguette\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 pound Gruyere, grated\
  \'95	 Freshly grated Parmesan\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs20 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs46 \cf0 Coat a large deep pot with olive oil. Add the onions and sprinkle generously with salt. Bring the pan to a medium heat. Stir the onions to coat with oil. Cover the pot and sweat for 15 to 20 minutes.\
Once the onions have gotten very soft and let off a lot of water, remove the lid and let the onions cook low and slow to really develop their rich brown color and sweet flavor. Caramelized onions take a long time, about an hour.
\fs66 \

\fs48 \cf2 Deglaze\cf0  the pan with the sherry and brandy and simmer uncovered for 5 minutes. Add the white wine and simmer uncovered for 15 more minutes.\
Add the beef and veal stocks plus salt and pepper. Bring to a boil, then simmer uncovered for 20 minutes. Remove the bay leaf, taste for salt and pepper. Caramelized onions are very sweet and require a fair amount of salt.                   
\fs46 \
Toast the \cf2 baguette\cf0  slices. Fill ovenproof crocks 3/4 of the way with the onion soup, \cf2 float\cf0  2 toasts in each bowl and top with grated Gruyere. \
Place the crocks under the broiler to melt the \cf2 cheese\cf0  until brown and bubbly.                                        Serve hot with grated Parmesan.  \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs54 \cf0 Veal Stock\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs34 \cf2 Makes:  
\b0 \cf0 about 8 to 10 cups stock
\fs32 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs46 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}6 pounds veal "knuckle" bones\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 pound veal or beef scraps, preferably lean\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons canola oil\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 onions, 1 peeled and sliced, 1 cut in 1/2 with the skin-on\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 medium carrots, washed, peeled and chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 stalks celery, washed and chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 sprigs fresh thyme, 2 bay leaves and 12 black peppercorns tied in cheesecloth\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 \
Directions
\f1\b0\fs46 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F.\
Arrange the veal bones and scraps in a single layer on 2 or 3 baking sheets lined with foil. Put the trays in the oven and cook until the bones brown, 1 to 1 1/2 hours.\
Heat a large skillet and add 1 tablespoon of the oil. When it begins to smoke lightly, add the 2 skin-on onion halves, cut side down. We want them to turn black. Combine the remaining sliced onion, carrots and celery. When the flesh part of the onion halves turn black, remove them from the pan. Add the remaining 1 tablespoon of oil and stir in the vegetables. Season with salt and cook, stirring from time to time, until the vegetables soften, about 5 to 8 minutes.\
When the bones are roasted and browned, drain off any excess grease and add to a large pot. Cover with cold water, (warm water makes a cloudy stock) and bring to a boil over high heat. Lower the heat and use a ladle to skim any foam or impurities from the top. Add the vegetables, the cheesecloth containing the thyme, bay leaves and black peppercorns and the black onion halves (which will add flavor and enrich the color). Stir in a pinch of salt, then reduce the heat to a simmer and cook for 6 to 8 hours.\
Shut the off the heat and allow the stock to rest. Taste it! If it tastes watery or has an undeveloped flavor, cook it longer! I have made stock that has taken 12 to 16 hours to come to fruition.\
Strain the stock and return it to the pot. Gently simmer the stock over low to medium heat to reduce and intensify the flavors. Use a ladle to skim any impurities as the stock reduces. Cool and use immediately or freeze for later use.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\fs68 \cf0                                                 
\fs58       
\fs56      
\fs76  
\fs58 \
}