{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red164\green194\blue114;\red47\green43\blue34;\red45\green57\blue24;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15960\viewh16960\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa400\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs56 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd8\expndtw40
Homemade Chili\
\pard\pardeftab720\li40\ri760\sl360\sa120\ql\qnatural

\f1\i\fs40 \cf3 \kerning1\expnd4\expndtw20
yields 4 hearty servings
\i0 \kerning1\expnd4\expndtw20
\
1 tbsp. olive oil\uc0\u8232 1 lb. ground beef, 90/10\u8232 i medium onion, chopped\u8232 1 green bell pepper, chopped\u8232 1 red bell pepper, chopped\u8232 4 cloves garlic, minced\u8232 1 tbsp. Worcestershire sauce\u8232 1 tsp. cumin\u8232 1 tsp. chili powder\u8232 1 tsp. kosher salt\u8232 1/2 tsp. ground black pepper\u8232 1/2 tsp. dried oregano\u8232 1/2 tsp. paprika\u8232 1/4 tsp. cayenne pepper\u8232 2 (14.5 oz each) cans diced tomatoes\u8232 1 can (8 oz) tomato sauce\u8232 3/4 can (4 oz) whole black olives, sliced in half lengthwise\u8232 1 can (15 oz) pinto beans\u8232 1 bay leaf\u8232 optional: grated cheddar cheese, for garnish\u8232 optional: sliced green onions, for garnish\u8232 optional: sour cream, for garnish\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa380\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs46 \cf4 \kerning1\expnd8\expndtw40
Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\li40\ri760\sl360\sa120\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs40 \cf3 \kerning1\expnd4\expndtw20
In a large, deep skillet, heat olive oil over medium-high heat. When oil is hot, add ground beef and cook until brown.\
Add onion, bell peppers, garlic, Worcestershire sauce and all the spices, except for the bay leaf, and stir to incorporate. Cover and cook for 10 minutes, or until onions and bell peppers are tender.\
Add diced tomatoes, tomato sauce, olives, pinto beans and bay leaf and bring to a simmer. Cover for an additional 10 minutes, stirring occasionally.\
Remove and discard bay leaf. Serve with a sprinkling of grated cheddar cheese, sliced green onions and a dollop of sour cream, if desired. Best when accompanied with some cornbread.\
\
\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural

\fs24 \cf3 \kerning1\expnd4\expndtw20
Enjoy!}