{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Hungarian Hot Sausage and Lentil Stoup\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs32 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 4 servings\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, 2 turns of the pan\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 pounds bulk hot Italian sausage\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 cloves garlic, chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 medium onion, chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 portobello mushrooms, gills scraped out, chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup pre-shredded carrots, available in sacks in produce department of the market\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup lentils\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 large starchy potato, peeled and chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}Salt and pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 bay leaf, fresh or dried\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 teaspoons smoked paprika (or substitute a mix of 2 teaspoons cumin, 1 teaspoon sweet paprika and 2 pinches cayenne pepper)\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 sprigs fresh rosemary, in tact on stems\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 (14-ounce) can fire roasted chopped tomatoes, such as Muir Glenn or, regular diced tomatoes\
{\listtext	\'95	}6 cups chicken stock\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 cups kale or chard, a small bunch, veins removed and chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}Crusty pumpernickel bread, to pass at table\
{\listtext	\'95	}Butter, for bread\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 Heat a medium soup pot over medium high heat. Add extra-virgin olive oil, 2 turns of the pan, then add sausage to pot and brown and crumble it, then add garlic, onions and mushrooms. Cook a few minutes, then add carrots, lentils, potato, salt and pepper, bay leaf, paprika or substitute mixture and rosemary (leaves will fall from stems as stoup cooks). Add tomatoes and broth and cover pot then raise heat to high and bring to a boil. Uncover pot and place heat back a bit but keep stoup at a good rolling boil. Cook 15 minutes until lentils and potatoes are tender. Wilt in greens in small bunches, remove rosemary stems and turn off heat. Let stand 5 minutes. Serve in shallow bowls with bread and butter to mop up stoup. Reheat leftovers thinning it with broth or water.\
}