{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16840\viewh19240\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs54 \cf0 Italian Minestrone
\f1\b0\fs44 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Serves: 8 to 10 servings\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs54 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl300\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs44 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 tbsp. vegetable or olive oil\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 ribs {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/celery/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 celery}}, chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 small onion, chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 cloves {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/garlic/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 garlic}}, minced\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 cups chopped cabbage\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 large {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/carrot/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 carrot}}, chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 (14 oz.) can chopped tomatoes, with juice\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 (11.5 oz.) can tomato juice\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 cups {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/chicken/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 chicken}} or vegetable broth\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 (19 oz.) can cannellini beans, rinsed and drained\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 (15.5 oz.) can red {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/kidney/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 kidney}} beans, rinsed and drained\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 (15 oz.) can garbanzo beans (chick peas), rinsed and drained\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup chopped fresh {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/parsley/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 parsley}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tbsp. dried oregano\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tbsp. dried basil\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup uncooked small elbow {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/macaroni/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 macaroni}}, cooked and drained\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup grated Parmesan cheese plus more for serving\
{\listtext	\'95	}Salt and pepper to taste\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs54 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs44 \cf0 Heat oil in large {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/saucepan/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 saucepan}} or {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/dutch-oven/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Dutch oven}} over medium heat. Add celery, onion and garlic. Cook and stir until crisp-tender.\
ADD {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cabbage/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cabbage}} and carrots. Cook and stir until crisp-tender. Stir in {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/tomato/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 tomatoes}} with juice, tomato juice and broth. Bring to a boil. Reduce heat to low.\
MIX in the three kinds of beans, parsley, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/oregano/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 oregano}} and basil. Simmer 30 minutes or until vegetables are tender and flavors have blended.\
STIR in cooked pasta and Parmesan {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cheese/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cheese}} just before serving. Season with salt and pepper to taste. Serve with grated {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/parmesan/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Parmesan}} cheese on the side.\
}