{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Kickin' Green Chili\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs32 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 5 quarts\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs36 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}25 fresh Anaheim green chiles or 5 (4 1/2-ounce) cans green chiles\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 sticks (12 ounces) butter or {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/margarine/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 margarine}}, plus more for sauteing {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/pork/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 pork}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 pounds pork, cut into 1/2-inch cubes\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 large white {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/onion/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 onions}}, cut into 1/2-inch {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/dice/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 dice}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 3/4 teaspoons ground black pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 3/4 tablespoons ground dry {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/mustard/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 mustard}} powder\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 teaspoons dried {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/oregano/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 oregano}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 teaspoons granulated {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/garlic/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 garlic}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}6 large tomatoes, cut into 1/2-inch dice\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 (14 1/2-ounce) cans diced tomatoes\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 fresh jalapenos, diced, optional for added heat\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup flour\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 If roasting your own chiles: Preheat an outdoor {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/grill/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 grill}} to high. Place the Anaheim chiles on the grill and cook, turning to cook evenly, until the skins blister and blacken. Remove from the grill and place in a plastic bag. Seal the bag and let the chiles stand for 5 to 10 minutes. Remove the skin, stems and seeds and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/chop/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 chop}} into 1/4-inch pieces.\
Heat some butter in a large pot and add the cubed pork. Cook about15 minutes, and then add the onions and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/spices/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 spices}}. Cook on low heat, stirring occasionally. When the pork has cooked through, add the fresh tomatoes, canned {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/tomato/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 tomatoes}}, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/chile/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 green chiles}} and jalapenos, if using. Stir occasionally.\
After 5 minutes, add 8 cups water. Bring to a low boil. Stir occasionally. Increase the heat and bring the chili to a rolling or high boil.\
In separate pan, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/melt/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 melt}} the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/butter/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 butter}} or margarine and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/whisk/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 whisk}} in the flour, stirring until creamy.\
Slowly add the roux to the chili, stirring constantly, and shut off the heat. Continue to stir so that the roux is evenly distributed. ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/roux/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Roux}} amount can be adjusted depending on desired consistency or thickness.)\
Let stand 5 minutes and serve.\
\
}