{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Mexican Tortilla Chicken Soup\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs32 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 4 servings\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs36 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/olive-oil/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 extra-virgin olive oil}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 medium white onions, diced\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/garlic/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 garlic cloves}}, minced\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 jalapenos, seeded and minced\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 ripe medium {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/tomato/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 tomatoes}}, chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 quart {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/stock/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 chicken stock}}, recipe follows\
{\listtext	\'95	}Salt and freshly ground black pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}Canola oil, for pan-frying\
{\listtext	\'95	}8 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/tortilla/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 corn tortillas}}, cut into 1/8-inch-thick strips\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 cups shredded cooked chicken\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/avocado/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 avocados}}, halved, pitted, peeled, and diced\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup shredded {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/jack-cheese/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Jack cheese}}, optional\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup coarsely chopped fresh cilantro leaves, for {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/garnish/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 garnish}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 lime, cut in wedges, for serving\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 Place a stockpot over medium heat and coat with 2 tablespoons of the olive oil. Add the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/onion/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 onions}}, garlic, jalapenos, and tomatoes; cook, stirring for 15 minutes until the vegetables are cooked down and pulpy. Pour in the stock, season with salt and pepper, and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/simmer/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 simmer}} for 20 minutes.\
Meanwhile, heat 1-inch of {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/canola-oil/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 canola oil}} in a skillet over medium-high flame. When the oil begins to smoke, add the tortilla strips in batches and fry until they are crisp on all sides. Remove to a paper towel-lined platter and sprinkle with salt while they are still hot.\
Ladle the hot soup into 4 soup bowls and put a pile of shredded chicken on top of each. Top with the diced avocado and fried tortilla strips (and cheese if using). Garnish with {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cilantro/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cilantro}} and serve with lime wedges.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Chicken Stock:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 whole {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/free-range/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 free-range chicken}} (about 3 1/2 pounds), rinsed, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/giblets/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 giblets}} discarded\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/carrot/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 carrots}}, cut in large chunks\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/celery/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 celery}} stalks, cut in large chunks\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 large white onions, quartered\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 head of garlic, halved\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/turnip/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 turnip}}, halved\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 bunch fresh thyme leaves\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/bay-leaf/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 bay leaves}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon whole black peppercorns\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Place the chicken and vegetables in a large stockpot over medium heat. Pour in only enough cold water to cover (about 3 quarts); too much will make the broth taste weak. Toss in the thyme, bay leaves, and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/peppercorn/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 peppercorns}}, and allow it to slowly come to a boil. Lower the heat to medium-low and gently simmer for 1 to 1 1/2 hours, partially covered, until the chicken is done. As it cooks, skim any impurities that rise to the surface; add a little more water if necessary to keep the chicken covered while simmering.\
Carefully remove the chicken to a cutting board. When its cool enough to handle, discard the skin and bones; hand-shred the meat into a storage container.\
Carefully {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/strain/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 strain}} the stock through a fine sieve into another pot to remove the vegetable solids. Use the stock immediately or if you plan on storing it, place the pot in a sink full of ice water and stir to cool down the stock. Cover and refrigerate for up to one week or freeze.\
Yield: 2 quarts\
}