{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14140\viewh16020\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 Minestrone with Pesto: Minestrone con Pesto\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs38 \cf0 Serves: 4 servings\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\sa140\ql\qnatural

\fs42 \cf0 Pesto:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl300\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs38 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}3 tablespoons pine nuts\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 cups fresh basil leaves, preferably "picolo fino"\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 clove garlic\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 pinch sea salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}5 ounces Ligurian extra-virgin olive oil\
{\listtext	\'95	}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs42 \cf0 Minestrone:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl300\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs38 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 cups borlotti (or pinto) beans\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 cups cannelloni (or white) beans\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 medium red onion, cut into medium dice\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 medium zucchini, cut into 1/2-inch moons, 1/2-inch thick\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 plum canned plum tomatoes, cut into 1/2-inch dice\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 stalks celery, cut into 1/2-inch slices\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 potatoes, peeled and cut into 1/2-inch dice\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 leeks, cleaned and cut into 1/2-inch moons\
{\listtext	\'95	}Salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil\
{\listtext	\'95	}6 ounces small shells pasta\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup pesto\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs38 \cf0 To make the pesto: In a large stone mortar, place the pine nuts, basil, garlic, and salt, and grind with a pestle until paste. Drizzle in the olive oil, beating with a wooden spoon. This can also be done in a food processor. Store in jars, topped with extra-virgin olive oil, for up to 1 week.\
To make the minestrone:\
Soak the borlotti and Cannelloni beans separately overnight and drain.\
In a large soup pot, place both kinds of beans, the onion, zucchini, tomatoes, celery, potatoes, leeks, and olive oil, and cover by 1-inch with cool water. Cover the pot and bring to a boil. Lower the heat and simmer until the beans are tender about 1 hour to 1 hour and 30 minutes. Add the pasta, and turn the heat to high. Cook the pasta at a boil until al dente. Divide the soup among 4 bowls and top each bowl of minestrone with a dollop of pesto floating on top.\
}