{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11720\viewh16540\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Mushroom Barley Soup with Sliced Steak\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs32 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 4 to 6 servings\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0     \'95        Kosher salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/3 cups pearl barley\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup dried porcini mushrooms\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup EVOO, plus more for drizzling\
{\listtext	\'95	}6 portobello mushroom caps, gills scraped, halved and thinly sliced\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons chopped fresh thyme\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 shallots, finely chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 to 3 small stalks celery, finely chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 carrot, finely chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}Freshly ground pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup dry sherry\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 cups beef stock\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/3 recipe Roasted Garlic Paste, recipe follows (or 2 heads roasted garlic)\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 pound flatiron steak\
{\listtext	\'95	}About 1 1/2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup fresh flat-leaf parsley, very finely chopped\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 Bring a medium pot of salted water to a boil. Add the barley and cook to just shy of tender, 25 to 30 minutes. Drain in a sieve and run under cold water, then drain again.\
Put the dried porcini mushrooms in a small saucepan with about 2 cups water. Bring to a low boil, then simmer until tender. Transfer the mushrooms with a slotted spoon to a food processor. Pour in all but the last few spoonfuls of the cooking liquid (grit from the mushrooms may settle there). Puree until smooth.\
Heat the EVOO in a large Dutch oven over medium-high heat. Add the portobello mushrooms and cook until browned. Add the thyme, shallots, celery and carrots and season with salt and pepper. Cook until the vegetables are tender, 5 to 6 minutes. Deglaze with the sherry, stirring and scraping up any browned bits from the bottom of the pot with a wooden spoon. Stir in the stock, porcini puree and Roasted Garlic Paste.\
Meanwhile, bring the steak to room temperature and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Heat a large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat. Drizzle the steak with EVOO, then cook for 7 to 8 minutes, turning once. Let rest on a cutting board for 10 minutes, then thinly slice and cut into bite-size pieces. Dress with the Worcestershire sauce.\
Stir the parsley and barley into the soup, then ladle into shallow bowls. Arrange the steak on top of the soup.\
Cook's Notes: The cooked barley can be refrigerated in a resealable plastic bag until ready to serve the soup. The soup, without the barley and steak, can be refrigerated for a make-ahead meal. Reheat over medium heat.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Roasted Garlic Paste:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}6 heads garlic, tops trimmed off to expose all of the cloves\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup EVOO\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 tablespoons honey\
{\listtext	\'95	}Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Arrange the garlic in a cluster on a large piece of foil and drizzle with 1/4 cup EVOO. Wrap up the garlic in the foil to make a tightly sealed pouch. Roast until very tender, about 45 minutes. Let cool, then squeeze the garlic from the skins into a food processor. Add the remaining 3/4 cup EVOO and the honey and season with salt and pepper. Puree until smooth, then transfer to a small container. \
}