{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red61\green61\blue61;\red6\green124\blue174;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13500\viewh17380\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl500\sa80\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs58 \cf2 Guinness and Onion Soup with Irish Cheddar Crouton
\fs52 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs34 \cf2 Yield: 
\b0 6 servings
\fs32 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs56 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf2 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl420\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs46 \cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil\
{\listtext	\'95	}5 cloves minced {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/garlic/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 garlic}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}8 cups thinly sliced onions\
{\listtext	\'95	}Gray salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon fresh {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/thyme/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 thyme}} leaves, chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sherry/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 sherry}} vinegar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 cups dark {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/beer/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 beer}} (recommended: Guinness)\
{\listtext	\'95	}6 cups beef {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/stock/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 stock}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}6 slices country bread cut 1/2-inch thick, toasted\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 pound Irish {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cheddar/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 Cheddar}}, sliced thin\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs56 \cf2 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa180\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs46 \cf2 Heat the olive oil in a large skillet over high heat. Add garlic and cook briefly to release {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/aroma/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 aroma}}. Add onions, season with salt and cook for about 5 minutes stirring often. Reduce heat to low and cook for about 15 minutes, stirring occasionally until the onions are golden brown.\
Add the thyme, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/vinegar/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 vinegar}}, and beer. Reduce beer by half and add the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/beef/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 beef}} stock. Bring to a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/simmer/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 simmer}} and cook for 10 more minutes.\
Preheat the broiler. Transfer {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/soup/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 soup}} to an ovenproof serving dish or individual ovenproof soup bowls. Top with toasted bread slices and sliced Cheddar. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/broil/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 Broil}} until {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cheese/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 cheese}} melts and starts to brown slightly. Serve piping hot.\
\
}