{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Rich Roasted Tomato Soup\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs32 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 4 servings\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs36 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}8 Roma tomatoes, cut in half lengthwise\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons olive oil, divided\
{\listtext	\'95	}Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup plus 1 tablespoon water, divided\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 onion, chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/garlic/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cloves garlic}}, minced\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 teaspoons dried herbes de provence\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 cups {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/chicken/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 chicken}} or {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/stock/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 vegetable stock}}\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sour-cream/index.html"}}{\fldrslt Sour cream}}\cf0  or olive oil, for {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/garnish/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 garnish}}, (optional)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 Preheat the oven to 275 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper.\
In a bowl, toss the tomatoes with 1 tablespoon olive oil, salt, and pepper. Place the tomatoes, cut side down, on the prepared baking sheet and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/drizzle/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 drizzle}} 1 tablespoon water over the tomatoes. Bake in the oven for 1 hour.\
Remove from the oven. Carefully peel off the skins and discard. Flip the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/tomato/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 tomatoes}} over so they're cut side up, and place back in the oven until the tomatoes are shriveled but not dry, another 30 to 60 minutes. Remove the tomatoes from the oven and allow to cool slightly.\
Meanwhile, in a large {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/saucepan/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 saucepan}}, saute the onion in the remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil over low heat until very soft, 10 to 12 minutes. Add the garlic and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/herbes-de-provence/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 herbes de provence}} and cook until fragrant, another 1 to 2 minutes. Add the stock and remaining 1/2 cup water and bring to a simmer. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/simmer/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Simmer}} 15 minutes. Cool slightly.\
In a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/blender/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 blender}}, puree the tomatoes (including any cooking liquid on the baking sheet) and the stock mixture until very smooth. You may need to work in batches. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/strain/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Strain}} through a fine {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sieve/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 sieve}} if a very smooth texture is desired. Pour the soup back into the saucepan, season with salt and pepper, and heat gently. To serve, ladle into cups or bowls and top with either a swirl of {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/olive-oil/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 olive oil}} or a little sour cream, if desired.\
}