{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f2\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13440\viewh9680\viewkind0
\deftab1134
\pard\pardeftab1134\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 Roasted Butternut Squash Soup\
\pard\pardeftab1134\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs28 \cf2 Serves:\
\pard\pardeftab1134\sl240\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf0 4 to 6 servings\

\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab1134\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs40 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab1134\li720\fi-720\ri-612\sl400\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0 \cf0 3 to 4 pounds butternut squash\cf2 , peeled and seeded
\f2\fs28 \cf0 \

\f1\fs40 2 yellow onions\
2 MacIntosh apples\cf2 , peeled and cored
\f2\fs28 \cf0 \

\f1\fs40 3 tablespoons good olive oil\
\pard\pardeftab1134\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper
\f2\fs28 \

\f1\fs40 2 to 4 cups chicken stock, preferably homemade
\f2\fs28 \

\f1\fs40 1/2 teaspoon good curry powder
\f2\fs28 \
\
\pard\pardeftab1134\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs40 \cf0 Condiments for serving:\

\b0 Scallions
\b  
\f1\b0 \cf2 white and green parts, trimmed and sliced diagonally
\f2\fs28 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab1134\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs40 \cf0 Flaked sweetened  coconut\cf2  , lightly toasted
\f2\fs28 \cf0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab1134\li720\fi-720\ri-612\sl400\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs40 \cf0 Roasted salted cashews, toasted and chopped\
\pard\pardeftab1134\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Diced banana
\f2\fs28 \
\pard\pardeftab1134\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs40 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab1134\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0 \cf0 Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F.\
\pard\pardeftab1134\ql\qnatural

\f2\fs28 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab1134\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs40 \cf0 Cut the butternut squash, onions, and apples into 1-inch cubes. Place them on a sheet pan\cf2   and toss them with the olive oil , 1 teaspoon salt, and 1/2 teaspoon pepper. Divide the squash mixture between 2 sheet pans and spread in a single layer. Roast for 35 to 45 minutes, tossing occasionally, until very tender.\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab1134\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Meanwhile, heat the chicken stock to a simmer. When the vegetables are done, put them through a food mill\cf2   fitted with the medium blade. (Alternatively, you can place the roasted vegetables in batches in a food processor fitted with the steel blade. Add some of the chicken stock and coarsely puree.) When all of the vegetables are processed, place them in a large pot and add enough chicken stock to make a thick soup. Add the curry powder, 1 teaspoon salt, and 1/2 teaspoon pepper. Taste for seasonings to be sure there's enough salt and pepper to bring out the curry flavor. Reheat and serve hot with condiments either on the side or on top of each serving.
\f2\fs28 \cf0 \
}