{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red164\green194\blue114;\red47\green43\blue34;\red96\green124\blue51;
\red45\green57\blue24;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa400\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs62 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd8\expndtw40
Roasted Acorn Squash Soup\
\pard\pardeftab720\li40\ri760\sl360\sa120\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs46 \cf3 \kerning1\expnd4\expndtw20
3 acorns, sliced in half and seeds removed\uc0\u8232 2 tbsp. olive oil\u8232 2 carrots, chopped\u8232 1 granny smith apple, cored and chopped\u8232 1 shallot, chopped\u8232 1/2 yellow onion, chopped\u8232 1/2 red onion, chopped\u8232 1 tsp. kosher salt\u8232 1/2 tsp. dried ginger (or 1 tsp. fresh)\u8232 1/4 tsp. dried sage\u8232 1/8 tsp. cayenne pepper (optional)\u8232 1/8 tsp. ground allspice\u8232 4 cups vegetable stock\u8232 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.asweetpeachef.com/bread/homemade-croutons/"}}{\fldrslt 
\f2\b \cf4 \kerning1\expnd4\expndtw20
croutons}}, optional garnish\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa380\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs52 \cf5 \kerning1\expnd8\expndtw40
Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\li40\ri760\sl360\sa120\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs46 \cf3 \kerning1\expnd4\expndtw20
Preheat oven to 400 degrees.\
Line baking sheet with aluminum foil or parchment paper. Place squash, skin-side-down, onto baking sheet. Roast in oven for 45-50 minutes, or until flesh is tender and skin is starting to turn golden brown. Remove from oven and allow to cool. Once cool, remove flesh from skin by using a spoon and scooping out the flesh. Discard skin and set flesh aside.\
In a large, deep pot, heat olive oil over medium-high heat until hot. Add carrots, apple, shallot and onions and saute until tender, about 6-8 minutes. Once tender, add salt, ginger, sage, cayenne, allspice, squash and vegetable stock. Stir well and bring to a boil. Reduce heat and simmer for 15-20 minutes.\
Remove pot from heat and puree mixture, either with an immersion blender (
\fs38 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Cuisinart CSB-77 Smart Stick Hand Blender with Whisk and Chopper Attachments @ Amazon) 
\fs46 \cf3 \kerning1\expnd4\expndtw20
a blender (in batches) or a food processor.\
Once pureed, season to taste. Garnish with thinly sliced red onion or croutons, if desired.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural
\cf3 \kerning1\expnd4\expndtw20
Enjoy!\
\pard\pardeftab720\li40\ri760\sl360\sa120\ql\qnatural
\cf3 \kerning1\expnd4\expndtw20
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa400\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs62 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd8\expndtw40
Homemade Croutons\
\pard\pardeftab720\li40\ri760\sl360\sa120\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs46 \cf3 \kerning1\expnd4\expndtw20
day-old French bread (approximately 1/2 loaf)\uc0\u8232 olive oil (approximately 1/4 cup oil per 1/2 loaf)\u8232 kosher salt, to taste\u8232 freshly ground black pepper, to taste\u8232 Optional: Parmesan cheese, dried herbs (basil, oregano, thyme, rosemary), garlic powder\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa380\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs52 \cf5 \kerning1\expnd8\expndtw40
Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\li40\ri760\sl360\sa120\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs46 \cf3 \kerning1\expnd4\expndtw20
Preheat oven to 350 degrees.\
Using a bread knife, cut the bread into 1/2 inch by 1/2 inch cubes.\'a0 If you prefer larger or smaller croutons, make your cuts accordingly\'96just be sure to make your cuts as similarly as possible to help them bake evenly. In a large bowl, toss bread cubes with enough olive oil to lightly coat.\'a0 Add kosher salt, freshly ground black pepper to taste and any seasonings you prefer.\'a0 Once cubes are evenly and lightly coated, pour bread onto a baking pan lined with aluminum foil (for easy clean-up).\
Bake bread in oven for 20-30 minutes until bread is golden and 
\i \cf3 \kerning1\expnd4\expndtw20
very 
\i0 \cf3 \kerning1\expnd4\expndtw20
crunchy.\'a0 Toss cubes several times during baking.\
Homemade croutons, stored in a plastic container or a plastic bag, last up to two weeks unrefrigerated.\
Enjoy!
\fs68 \

\fs46 \
\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs48 \cf5 \kerning1\expnd8\expndtw40
\
}