{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww19300\viewh20240\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 Three-Alarm Chili Mac
\f1\b0\fs28 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\b \cf2 Serves: 
\b0 \cf0 6 servings\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs32 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs46 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 pound penne pasta \
{\listtext	\'95	}Salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, 2 turns of the pan\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 pounds ground {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sirloin/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 sirloin}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons chili powder, 2 palmfuls\
{\listtext	\'95	}Black pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 onion, chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cubanelle pepper, seeded and chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 red bell pepper, seeded and chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 to 4 cloves {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/garlic/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 garlic}}, chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup beef stock\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 (28-ounce) can fire roasted crushed tomatoes\
{\listtext	\'95	}Handful basil leaves, torn\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 cups shredded smoked {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cheddar/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Cheddar}} or {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/scamorza/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 scamorza}} ( smoked aged {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/mozzarella/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 mozzarella}})\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs46 \cf0 Cook pasta in salted water until {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/al-dente/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 al dente}}. Preheat broiler to high.\
Meanwhile, heat a deep skillet over medium high heat with extra-virgin olive oil. When oil ripples or smokes, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/crumble/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 crumble}} beef and brown, 5 to 6 minutes. Season the meat with {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/chili-powder/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 chili powder}}, salt and pepper. When meat has browned, add onions, peppers and garlic. Cook vegetables until soft, 6 to 7 minutes. Add stock and scrape up pan drippings. Stir in crushed {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/tomato/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 tomatoes}}, simmer sauce 10 minutes and fold in basil. Drain pasta and add to sauce. Toss to combine and transfer to a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/casserole/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 casserole dish}}. Cover with cheese and brown under broiler 3 to 4 minutes.\
\
}