{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww22080\viewh20240\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\sa280\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs54 \cf0 Yellow Pepper Soup\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa200\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs50 \cf0 This soup keeps well, refrigerated, for up to two days; warm it and check seasoning before serving.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs36 \cf0 Yield  
\b0\fs38 Serves 4
\fs42 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa260\ql\qnatural

\f2\fs50 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sl320\sa120\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl1
\f1\fs42 \cf0 		4 medium leeks, white and light green parts only, thinly sliced\
		2 tablespoons olive oil, plus more for drizzling\
		6 yellow bell peppers (2 pounds), stemmed and seeded, cut into chunks\
		6 large sprigs tarragon, plus more leaves for garnish\
		2 3/4 cups homemade or low-sodium canned chicken stock, skimmed of fat\
		Salt and freshly ground pepper, to taste\
		1 large slice Italian bread, cut into 1/2-inch-by-3-inch pieces, toasted\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\sa120\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 		\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa260\ql\qnatural

\f2\fs50 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\sa360\ql\qnatural
\ls3\ilvl0
\f1\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	1.	}Place sliced leeks in a large bowl of cold water and let stand for 5 minutes to rid them of dirt and sand. Lift out of the water and drain in a colander. Set aside.\
{\listtext	2.	}In a small stockpot, heat oil over low heat. Add leeks and cook until wilted, about 10 minutes. Add peppers, tarragon, stock, and salt and pepper to taste. Raise heat to high; bring to a boil. Lower heat and simmer until peppers are very tender, about 20 minutes.\
{\listtext	3.	}Remove from heat and discard tarragon sprigs. Transfer soup to a food processor and puree. Pass puree through a fine strainer and adjust seasoning with salt and pepper, if necessary. Divide soup among 4 bowls and place 2 of the toast pieces in each. Garnish with tarragon leaves and drizzle with olive oil, if desired. Serve immediately.}