{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16460\viewh21320\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs64 \cf0 Asian-Marinated Pork Loin with Five-Spice Apples\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs44 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 Serves 4\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\fs48 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs50 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs48 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}4 cups water\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/3 cup {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/salt/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 kosher salt}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/3 cup sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon dark soy sauce\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 teaspoons toasted Szechwan peppercorns\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon toasted black peppercorns, plus freshly ground black pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 1/4-inch-thick slices fresh ginger\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/star-anise/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 star anise}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 bay leaves\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 4-pound pork {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/loin/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 loin}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons canola oil\
{\listtext	\'95	}Gingered Sweet Potatoes (recipe follows)\
{\listtext	\'95	}Five-Spice Apples (recipe follows)\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/chives/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 chives}} cut into 1-inch lengths, for garnish\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons Chile Oil, for {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/garnish/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 garnish}} (recipe follows)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs50 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs48 \cf0 One day in advance, combine the water, salt, sugar, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/soy-sauce/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 soy sauce}}, peppercorns, ginger, anise, and bay leaves in a deep {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cookware-and-bakeware-materials/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 baking dish}} large enough to hold the pork and stir to mix. Add the pork; if it is not covered, add more water. Cover and refrigerate overnight.\
Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Rinse the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/pork/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 pork}} thoroughly with cold water, pat dry, and season with the ground pepper to taste. Heat a large skillet over high heat, add the oil, and swirl to caot the bottom of the pan. When the oil shimmers, add the pork and brown on all sides. Transfer the pork to a roasting pan and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/roast/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 roast}} just until the pork is hot through to the center (about 125 degrees F internal temperature), 25 to 30 minutes. The interior of the pork will remain pink.\
Allow the pork to rest for 10 minutes and cut into 1/4-inch slices. Divide the gingered sweet {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/potato/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 potatoes}} among 4 plates, surround with the pork, and add the five-spice apples. Garnish with the chives, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/drizzle/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 drizzle}} with the chile oil, and serve.\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\b\fs54 \cf0 Five-Spice Apples
\b0\fs48 \
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/canola-oil/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 canola oil}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 small red onion, cut into 1/4-inch {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/dice/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 dice}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 teaspoons five-spice powder\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon brown {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sugar/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 sugar}}, packed\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 Granny Smith apples, peeled, cored, and cut into 1/4-inch dice\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/apple/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 apple}} juice\
{\listtext	\'95	}Salt and freshly ground black pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon butter\
{\listtext	\'95	}Chile Oil\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup chile powder, such as ancho, chimayo, or pasilla\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 tablespooon ground {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cumin/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cumin}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 cups canola oil\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 For the Five-Spice Apples: Heat a medium skillet over medium heat. Add the oil and swirl to coat the bottom of the pan. When the oil shimmers, add the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/onion/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 onion}} and saute, stirring, until brown, about 8 to 10 minutes.\
Add the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/five-spice-powder/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 five-spice powder}}, brown sugar, apples, and juice. Stir, season with salt and pepper to taste, and cook until the liquid is reduced by half, about 12 minutes. The apples should retain their shape and some liquid should remain in the pan; do not overcook. Stir in the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/butter/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 butter}} and correct the seasonings. Serve warm.\
For the Chile Oil: In a medium skillet, combine the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/chile/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 chile}} powder, cumin, and salt, and heat over medium heat just until the mixture begins to smoke. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/whisk/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Whisk}} in the oil and remove from the stove.\
Allow the chile oil to cool, transfer it to a glass jar, and let stand overnight. Cover and use or store. The oil will separate from the solids; use the red oil only.}