{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww20760\viewh20240\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs54 \cf0 BBQ Pulled Pork with Carolina Sauce
\f1\b0\fs34 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\b \cf2 Serves: 
\b0 \cf0 12 servings\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\fs28 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs46 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Carolina BBQ Sauce:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs44 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}2 quarts {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cider-vinegar/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cider vinegar}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 quart ketchup\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/8 cup red pepper flakes\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 quart water\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup dry {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/mustard/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 mustard}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/worcestershire-sauce/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Worcestershire sauce}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/molasses/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 molasses}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup tomato paste\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup soy sauce\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/8 cup salt\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/pinch/index.html"}}{\fldrslt Pinch}}\cf0  freshly ground black pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs46 \cf0 BBQ Pulled Pork:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs44 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}2 gallons water\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 cups salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 cups {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/soy-sauce/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 soy sauce}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup honey\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup molasses\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sugar/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 sugar}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 pork butts, about 6 pounds total weight\
{\listtext	\'95	}\
{\listtext	\'95	}Salt and freshly ground black pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 cups applewood chips, soaked\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs46 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs44 \cf0 For the sauce:\
Combine all the ingredients in a stainless steel {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/saucepan/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 saucepan}} over medium heat. Bring the mixture to a boil, reduce the heat and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/simmer/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 simmer}} for 10 minutes. Remove from the heat and let cool before using. If not using immediately pour it into a bowl or jar. Cover and refrigerate until needed.\
\
For the pulled {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/pork/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 pork}}:\
Combine 1 quart of water with the salt, soy sauce, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/honey/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 honey}}, molasses and sugar in a large saucepan over medium heat. Bring the mixture to a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/boil/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 boil}}, then remove from the heat and let cool. Stir in the remaining water. Pierce the meat with a boning knife in several places, then add the meat to the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/brine/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 brine}}. Cover and refrigerate overnight.\
\
Remove the meat from the brine, coat lightly with salt and pepper, and arrange them in a smoker. Load 2 boxes filled with applewood {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/chips/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 chips}} into the smoker. Set the smoker at 250 degrees F and smoke for 8 hours. Remove from the smoker to a cutting board and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/shred/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 shred}} when cool enough to handle. Arrange on a serving platter and serve with the BBQ sauce.\
\
This recipe was provided by professional chefs and has been scaled down from a bulk recipe provided by a restaurant. The Food Network Kitchens chefs have not tested this recipe, in the proportions indicated, and therefore, we cannot make any representation as to the results.}