{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16340\viewh20660\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs58 \cf0 Boneless Pork Loin Chops with Red Wine Cranberry Glaze
\f1\b0\fs38 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\b \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 4 servings\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs42 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 quarts water\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon juniper berries\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon freshly chopped {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sage/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 sage}} leaves\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon red pepper flakes\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 or 5 cups water\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 cups ice\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 (1 1/2-inch thick) boneless pork {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/loin/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 loin}} chops\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons olive oil\
{\listtext	\'95	}Red Wine {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cranberry/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Cranberry}} Glaze, recipe follows\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 In a medium {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/saucepan/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 saucepan}} over medium heat, bring the salt, sugar and 2 cups water to a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/boil/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 boil}} and simmer until salt and sugar dissolve. Remove pan from heat. Add juniper, sage and red pepper flakes. Let {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/steep/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 steep}} 5 minutes. Pour 4 to 5 cups water and 2 cups ice into the brine. When {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/brine/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 brine}} is chilled, submerge chops into mixture for at least 6 hours and up to overnight, refrigerated. When ready to cook, preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Remove pork from liquid and pat dry. Heat oil in a medium saute pan over medium heat. Cook {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/pork/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 pork}} until nicely caramelized about 6 minutes per side. Remove to oven to cook through completely, about 10 minutes. Let rest 5 minutes before slicing.\
Serve with Red Wine Cranberry {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/glaze/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Glaze}}.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Red Wine Cranberry Glaze:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 cup dried cranberries\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 cups dry red {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/wine/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 wine}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 oranges, zested and juiced\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup sugar\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Combine all ingredients into a medium saucepan over medium heat. Bring to a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/simmer/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 simmer}}. Reduce heat to low and reduce liquid by half.\
Yield: 2 cups\
\
}