{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14400\viewh18480\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs56 \cf0 Brined Pork Loin with Meyer Lemon Marmalade\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs36 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 6 servings\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs42 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs40 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1/3-tsp. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/salt/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 kosher salt}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/3-cup brown sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}8 cups water\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 Tbs. whole peppercorns\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 bay leaves\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 (3-4 lb.) pork {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/loin/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 loin}}, cleaned and tied with butcher's twine if necessary\
{\listtext	\'95	}3/4-cup shallots, sliced\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 Tbs. plus 1/2-cup extra-virgin olive oil\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 Tbs. fresh {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/rosemary/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 rosemary}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}Gray salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}freshly ground black pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2-cup Napastyle {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/meyer-lemon/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Meyer Lemon}} Marmalade\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs42 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs40 \cf0 In a large pot or bowl, combine salt, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sugar/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 sugar}}, water, peppercorns and bay leaves. Submerge {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/pork/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 pork}} loin in mixture and let brine for about 4 hours. Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Remove pork loin from {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/brine/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 brine}} and dry well. Season well with Gray salt and freshly ground black pepper.\
Heat 2 tablespoons of olive oil in the bottom of a heavy, stove top and oven-safe {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/casserole/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 casserole dish}} over medium-high heat. Brown pork well and place in preheated oven to cook about halfway, about 35 minutes. Meanwhile, heat 1/4-cup olive oil in a medium saute pan over high heat. Add shallots and cook until they begin to {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/caramelize/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 caramelize}}, about 8 minutes. Turn heat to medium and season with salt and pepper. Add rosemary and let cook until golden brown (about 10 minutes more). Add {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/marmalade/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 marmalade}} and stir to combine. Remove from heat and set aside.\
After 35 minutes, remove pork from oven and spoon half the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/shallot/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 shallot}} mixture over the top and sides of the pork. Place back in the oven and continue to {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/roast/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 roast}} until a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/meat-thermometer/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 meat thermometer}} (inserted into the center of the pork) reads 165 degrees F (about 30 minutes more). Remove and let rest 15 minutes before carving. Serve with reserved shallot mixture on the side.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs42 \cf0 Notes\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs40 \cf0 Substitute {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/orange/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 orange}} marmalade or any other flavor for the Meyer Lemon Marmalade in this recipe.}