{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs54 \cf0 Chocolate Pork Roast Sliders\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs34 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 6 to 8 servings\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon whole coriander seeds\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon whole white peppercorns\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons sea salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon ground ancho chile pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon ground cinnamon\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon unsweetened cocoa powder\
{\listtext	\'95	}One 4-pound Boston butt pork roast\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup beef stock\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 onion, thinly sliced\
{\listtext	\'95	}6 to 8 hamburger buns\
{\listtext	\'95	}Pickle spear, optional\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F.\
In a small skillet, combine the coriander seeds and peppercorns. Cook over medium heat, stirring frequently, until fragrant and toasted, about 4 minutes. Remove from the heat and let cool. In a coffee grinder, process the spices until finely ground.\
In a small bowl, combine the peppercorn mixture, salt, ancho chile pepper, cinnamon and cocoa. Rub the spice mixture evenly over the pork roast.\
In a Dutch oven, combine the beef stock and onions. Add the roast to the Dutch oven. Cover and bake until very tender, about 3 hours.\
Using two forks, shred the roast. Serve on buns with pickle spears if desired.}