{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red61\green61\blue61;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16920\viewh21320\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri1000\sl500\sa80\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs42 \cf2 Cuban Sandwich with Homemade Pickles\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs22 \cf2 Yield: 
\b0 8 to 10 servings\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf2 Ingredients\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\sa80\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs38 \cf2 Pork:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl420\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0 \cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}1 (4 to 5 pound) bone-in pork shoulder, excess fat trimmed\
{\listtext	\'95	}Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 teaspoons ground cumin\
{\listtext	\'95	}Canola oil\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 cups chicken stock\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup fresh orange juice\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup fresh lime juice\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons aged sherry vinegar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 head garlic, cloves removed and peeled\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 medium Spanish onions, peeled and coarsely chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 bay leaves\
{\listtext	\'95	}Handfull fresh oregano, stems with leaves\
{\listtext	\'95	}Clover Honey\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf2 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa180\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs38 \cf2 Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Season the pork with salt, pepper and cumin. Heat a few tablespoons of oil in a large Dutch oven until it begins to shimmer. Add the pork and cook until golden brown on all sides.\
\
Add the stock, juices, vinegar, garlic, onions, bay leaves and oregano, bring to a simmer, cover and transfer to the oven. Braise until fork tender (between 180 and 190 degrees F), about 1 1/2 hour to 2 hours. Remove from the oven, transfer pork to a platter and let rest 15 minutes before slicing or shredding.\
\
Strain the braising liquid into a medium pan, bring to a boil and let reduced slightly, adding honey and salt and pepper if needed. Toss some of the braising liquid with the shredded pork to moisten.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf2 Homemade Pickles:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl420\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs38 \cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}3 Kirby cucumbers, sliced into 1/8-inch thick slices\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 cups plus 2 tablespoons distilled white vinegar\
{\listtext	\'95	}3/4 cup packed coarsely chopped fresh dill\
{\listtext	\'95	}2-3 tablespoons sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 garlic cloves, coarsely chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 teaspoons kosher salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}3/4 teaspoon dill seeds\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon whole mustard seeds\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon coriander seeds\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa180\ql\qnatural
\cf2 Put the sliced cucumber in a medium bowl (which has a fitted lid).\
\
Combine 1 cup of water, the vinegar, dill, sugar, garlic, salt, dill, mustard and coriander seeds in a small saucepan over high heat and bring to a boil. Cook until the sugar and salt is dissolved. Remove from the heat and taste for tartness, add more sugar if too sour and let cool to room temperature.\
\
Pour the cooled liquid over the cucumbers, cover and refrigerate for at least 4 hours and up to 48 hours, stirring the mixture at least once.
\fs34 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural
\cf2 \
}