{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red61\green61\blue61;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17980\viewh17300\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-1400\sl500\sa80\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs46 \cf2 Cumin and Ginger Rubbed Pork Tenderloin\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-1400\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs26 \cf2 Yield: 
\b0 4 servings
\f0\b\fs46 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-1400\sl420\sa140\ql\qnatural

\fs50 \cf2 Ingredients\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-1400\sl420\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs40 \cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons cumin seeds\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon crushed red pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 clove garlic, smashed and finely chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}1-inch piece ginger, peeled and grated on a zester\
{\listtext	\'95	}Kosher salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 pork tenderloins\
{\listtext	\'95	}Extra-virgin olive oil\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-1400\sl420\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs50 \cf2 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-1400\sl420\sa180\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs40 \cf2 Put the cumin seeds in a small saute pan and bring to a medium heat. Toast the cumin seeds until they become very aromatic, 3 to 4 minutes. Put the cumin seeds and the crushed red pepper in a spice grinder and pulse until the mix becomes a fine powder. In a small bowl combine the cumin powder with the garlic and ginger. Season the pork with salt and rub with the cumin powder mix. Let the pork hang out in the fridge for 2 hours or up to overnight. Remove from the fridge half an hour before you want to cook it.\
Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.\
Coat a large saute pan with olive oil and bring to a high heat. Sear the pork on all sides. Put the saute pan with the pork into the oven. Roast the pork, turning it over halfway through the cooking time, 5 to 7 minutes.\
Remove the pork from the oven and let rest for 10 minutes before carving. Slice the pork into 1/2-inch thick slices on the bias.\
}