{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13980\viewh16260\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl500\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs54 \cf0 Fig Glazed Ham
\f1\b0\fs34 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260\ql\qnatural

\b \cf2 Serves: 
\b0 \cf0 10 or more servings\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs40 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl420\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs38 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 (10-pound) cooked bone-in ham, preferably {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/shank/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 shank}} end, at room temperature\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 cups water\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/fig/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 fig}} preserves\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/dijon-mustard/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Dijon mustard}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cider-vinegar/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cider vinegar}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup Kentucky {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/bourbon/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 bourbon}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs40 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs38 \cf0 Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F.\
Trim the ham by removing the outer {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/skin/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 skin}}/rind, leaving a 1/4-inch of fat. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/score/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Score}} the fat layer with a paring knife in a diamond pattern.\
Put the ham, cut side down, in a roasting pan or large {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cookware-and-bakeware-materials/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 baking dish}}. Add 1 1/2 cups of water and cover with foil. Bake for 45 minutes to 1 hour.\
Meanwhile make the glaze by whisking all of the remaining ingredients together in a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/saucepan/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 saucepan}} over medium-low heat. Simmer, stirring often, to infuse flavors and to thin the preserves, about 3 to 5 minutes. Set aside 1/4 cup of the glaze.\
Remove the foil after the ham has cooked for 1 hour and brush it with the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/glaze/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 glaze}}, working it into the scores. Bake the ham, uncovered, another 40 minutes, basting again after 10 minutes. Remove the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/ham/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 ham}} from the oven when an internal temperature of 140 degrees F is reached on an instant-read thermometer. Transfer the ham to carving board and it let rest for 10 to 15 minutes.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa140\ql\qnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/skim/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Skim}} off as much of the fat as possible and then {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/whisk/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 whisk}} in the reserved 1/4 cup of glaze. Bring the pan to a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/boil/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 boil}} over medium heat, then reduce the heat and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/simmer/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 simmer}} until the desired consistency is reached. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/strain/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Strain}} into a warmed gravy dish for a smooth sauce, if desired. Thinly slice the ham and arrange it on a serving platter. Serve with the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/gravy/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 gravy}} on the side.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs40 \cf0 Notes\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs38 \cf0 Avoid water added written on ham labels, its filled with nitrates.\
Keep the bone for {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/soup/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 soup}}\
}