{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10940\viewh17760\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Green Chili Sloppy Joses
\f1\b0\fs32 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\b \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 4 servings\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients
\fs58 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}4 poblano or 6 green New Mexico chile peppers\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 large tomatillos, husked and rinsed\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 jalapeno pepper, stemmed\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 tablespoons honey\
{\listtext	\'95	}Juice of 1 lime\
{\listtext	\'95	}Kosher salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons olive or vegetable oil\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 pounds ground pork\
{\listtext	\'95	}Freshly ground pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 cloves garlic, finely chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 medium red onion, finely chopped, plus more for serving\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 teaspoons ground coriander\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 teaspoons ground cumin\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon dried oregano\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup lager beer\
{\listtext	\'95	}8 soft sandwich rolls\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup shredded Swiss cheese\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup shredded pepper jack cheese\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup chopped dill pickles or sweet bread and butter pickles, optional\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions
\f1\b0\fs42 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Heat the broiler. Arrange the poblanos, tomatillos and jalapeno on a baking sheet and broil, leaving the oven door slightly ajar to allow steam to escape, turning occasionally with tongs, until charred on all sides. Place the poblanos in a bowl, cover and let cool. Place the tomatillos and jalapeno in the cleaned food processor. Peel and seed the poblanos and add to the food processor along with the honey and lime juice. Season with salt and puree until smooth, adding a splash of water if needed.\
Meanwhile, heat the oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Add the ground pork and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Cook, crumbling the pork with a spoon, until browned. Stir in the garlic and onions, then add the Worcestershire sauce, coriander, cumin and oregano. Deglaze with the beer, stirring and scraping up any browned bits from the bottom of the skillet with a wooden spoon, 1 minute. Stir in the poblano-tomatillo puree and adjust the seasonings.\
Spoon the pork mixture onto the rolls and top with the shredded cheeses, red onions and pickles if using. \
}