{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red84\green84\blue84;\red51\green51\blue51;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl520\sa80\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs56 \cf0 Grilled Pork Tenderloin with Mustard Fruit\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\fs32 \cf2 Yield:  \cf0 4 to 6 servings\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\ql\qnatural

\fs48 \cf0 INGREDIENTS\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0\fs44 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}Mustard Fruit:\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup red wine\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup red wine vinegar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/3 cup whole-grain mustard\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon mustard seeds\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 under-ripe pear, peeled, cored, and cut into cubes\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup dried apricots or dried cherries\
{\listtext	\'95	}Pork:\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup chopped fresh cilantro\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons Dijon mustard\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 teaspoons coriander seeds, toasted and ground\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 teaspoons cumin seeds, toasted and ground\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 teaspoons kosher salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon smoked paprika\
{\listtext	\'95	}Zest and juice of 1 lime\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 pork tenderloins, cleaned and silver skin removed\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup arugula, for serving\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil, for drizzling\cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\ql\qnatural

\b\fs48 \cf0 DIRECTIONS\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa160\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs44 \cf3 For the mustard fruit: Combine the wine, sugar, vinegar and salt in a saucepan and bring to a boil. Stir in the mustard, mustard seeds and pears. Place the dried fruit in a quart-size glass jar and top off with the hot liquid and pears. Store in the refrigerator for at least 2 days and up to 1 month. \uc0\u8232 \u8232 For the pork: Whisk together the cilantro, mustard, coriander, cumin, salt, paprika, lime juice and lime zest. Coat the tenderloins in the marinade and transfer the pork and marinade to a resealable plastic bag or shallow baking dish, covered with plastic wrap. Let marinate for 30 minutes at room temperature, or up to overnight in the fridge. \u8232 \u8232 Preheat the grill, preferably charcoal, over medium-high heat. \u8232 \u8232 Grill the pork until just under medium, 3 to 4 minutes per side. Set aside to rest for 7 to 10 minutes.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\ql\qnatural
\cf3 Cook's Note: The mustard fruit yields 4 cups. Store the leftovers in the refrigerator; it goes well with roasted meats and cheeses.\
}