{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Grilled Pork Medallions \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs32 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 4 servings\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}3/4 cup jarred sliced pickled banana peppers\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup Dijon mustard\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 tablespoons honey\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 (1-inch thick) center cut boneless pork loin chops\
{\listtext	\'95	}Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 To make the marinade: In a blender or food processor combine banana peppers, mustard, and honey. Blend until smooth.\
Pour the marinade into a re-sealable plastic bag. Season the pork with salt and pepper and add them to the bag. Seal and distribute the marinade equally on the pork. Marinate at room temperature up to 2 hours or in the refrigerator if longer than that. Remove the pork from the refrigerator 30 minutes before cooking to let pork come to room temperature.\
Preheat a seasoned cast iron grill pan over medium-high heat.\
Remove the pork medallions from the marinade and give a gentle shake to remove excess marinade. Place on the grill pan. Let cook 4 minutes per side or until cooked through. Remove from the pan and loosely tent with aluminum foil while the meat rests.\
\
}