{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14160\viewh13540\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs58 \cf0 Olive-Stuffed Pork Loin
\f1\b0\fs38 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\b \cf2 Serves: 
\b0 \cf0 4 servings\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs42 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}2 pound pork {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/loin/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 loin}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}Salt and ground black pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup pitted Greek olives (such as Kalamata)\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 tablespoons olive oil, divided\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sherry/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 sherry}} vinegar\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/honey/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 honey}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 teaspoons Dijon mustard\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon dried {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/thyme/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 thyme}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.\
Season pork all over with salt and black pepper. Using a sharp knife, make several slits in {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/pork/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 pork}}, about 1-inch deep. Stuff olives into slits all over pork. Add 1 tablespoon olive oil to an oven-{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/proof/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 proof}} skillet over medium high heat. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sear/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Sear}} pork on all sides and then remove from heat. In a small bowl, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/whisk/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 whisk}} together {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/vinegar/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 vinegar}}, 2 tablespoons oil, honey, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/dijon-mustard/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Dijon mustard}}, and thyme. Pour mixture all over pork. Bake approximately 30 minutes, until an instant-read thermometer registers 150 to 160 degrees F. Let pork stand 10 minutes before slicing crosswise into 1-inch thick slices.}