{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15820\viewh19340\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 Porchetta with Roasted Fingerlings\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs26 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 10 servings\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs30 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 For the pork:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 bunch fresh rosemary, leaves finely chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 bunch fresh sage, leaves finely chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}20 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/garlic/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 garlic cloves}}, thinly sliced\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon crushed {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/red-pepper-flakes/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 red pepper flakes}}\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/olive-oil/index.html"}}{\fldrslt Extra-virgin olive oil}}\cf0 \
{\listtext	\'95	}1 picnic shoulder of pork with the skin, bone removed\
{\listtext	\'95	}Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 For the Vegetables:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}2 large Spanish {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/onion/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 onions}}, diced\
{\listtext	\'95	}10 garlic cloves, smashed\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 pound {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/potato/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 fingerling potatoes}}, cut lengthwise\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 pints {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/brussels-sprouts/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Brussels sprouts}}, halved\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/celery-root/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 celery root}}, cut in 1/2-inch dice\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 large {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/carrot/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 carrots}}, peeled and cut into 1/2-inch dice\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 ribs celery, cut into 1/2-inch dice\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 bottle dry white wine\
{\listtext	\'95	}Kosher salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 bundle fresh thyme\
{\listtext	\'95	}10 bay leaves\
{\listtext	\'95	}Extra-virgin olive oil\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 quarts chicken stock\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F.\
To make the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/porchetta/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 porchetta}}: Combine the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/rosemary/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 rosemary}}, sage, garlic and crushed red pepper in a small bowl. Mix with enough olive oil until a loose paste has formed. Gently cut the sides of the pork so it opens up like a book and lies flat on your cutting board. Rub the oil mixture all over the inside of the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/pork-shoulder/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 pork shoulder}} (be sure to get it into every nook and cranny). Sprinkle generously with salt and pepper. Roll the pork and tie tightly with butcher's twine.\
In a large roasting pan, combine all the vegetables and wine. Season with salt, to taste, and add the thyme and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/bay-leaf/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 bay leaves}}. Nestle the pork on the vegetables. Rub the top of the pork with oil and put in the oven. Roast for 30 to 40 minutes until the skin starts to brown and becomes crispy.\
Brush the skin with the pan juices and add some of the chicken stock on and around the pork. Roast for another 3 to 3 1/2 hours, basting the skin occasionally and adding more {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/stock/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 chicken stock}} to keep pan moist. If the skin becomes too dark, tent with aluminum foil and remove the foil during the last 30 minutes of cooking time.\
Remove the pork from the pan to a cutting board and discard the string. Let rest for about 15 minutes. Cut the crispy skin from the meat and cut into pieces. Slice the meat. To serve, arrange some of the vegetables from the pan, drenched in juices, onto each serving plate and put slices of meat on top. \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs58 \cf0 \
}