{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Pork Chops with Apples and Onions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs32 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 4 portions\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Apple Compote:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon grapeseed oil\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup thin-sliced (height wise) red or Vidalia onion\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup thin-sliced bacon\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup thin-sliced apple (1/4-inch by length)\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup white wine, sauvignon blanc or riesling\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup (1/2 stick) butter, at room temperature\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon ground nutmeg, optional\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon turmeric, optional\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Pork Chops:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons grapeseed oil\
{\listtext	\'95	}Eight 4-ounce fresh boneless pork loin chops\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon ground pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon kosher or sea salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon fresh mint, chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}Potatoes of choice, for serving\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 For the apple compote: In a large saute pan over high heat, add the oil and allow to heat to the verge of smoking. Then add the onions and reduce the heat to medium. Allow the onions to cook, stirring throughout, until light brown in color, about 2 minutes. Then add the bacon and allow to cook until the bacon has begun to brown. Then add the apples. After adding the apples, allow all the ingredients to blend in flavor for a final 2 minutes. Add the wine to deglaze the pan and allow the alcohol to cook off. After reducing the wine, reduce the heat to low and whisk in the butter and optional spices, stirring for 1 to 2 minutes to create a sauce. Finish with the mint and hold warm until serving.\
For the chops: In large a saute pan over medium-high heat, add the oil and allow to warm. Sprinkle the chops with salt and pepper equally on both sides and add to the warm oil. Allow the chops to brown on the first side for 3 to 4 minutes, and then flip and repeat cooking on the second side for a final 3 to 4 minutes. Once cooked, remove from the pan and serve with potatoes of choice. Finish with the apple compote.\
}