{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs50 \cf0 Pecan-Crusted Pork Tenderloin with Raspberry-Chipotle Sauce\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs30 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 6 to 8 servings\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs42 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Pork:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs40 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}Two 1-pound pork tenderloins\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup Japanese (panko) breadcrumbs\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup finely chopped pecans\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 tablespoons chopped fresh rosemary\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon ground black pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 egg whites\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs42 \cf0 Raspberry-Chipotle Sauce:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs40 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}One 12-ounce jar raspberry preserves\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons adobo sauce, or to taste\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs42 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs40 \cf0 Cook's Note: If you cannot find adobo sauce at your local grocer, just purchase chipotles in adobo sauce. Use the sauce and reserve the chipotles for another use.\
For the pork: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Prepare the pork tenderloins by rinsing under cold water. Pat dry and set aside.\
Combine the breadcrumbs, pecans, rosemary, salt and pepper in a 9-by-13-inch pan. Set aside. Place the egg whites in a small bowl and whip slightly.\
Brush the tenderloins with the whipped egg whites. Then dredge in the breadcrumb mixture, pressing to adhere. Place on a baking sheet. Bake until done, about 25 minutes. Remove from the oven and let rest about 10 minutes prior to slicing.\
For the raspberry-chipotle sauce: Combine the raspberry preserves with the adobo sauce.\
To serve: Slice the tenderloins and serve with the raspberry-chipotle sauce.\
\
}