{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Pork Chops with Apples and Pancetta\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs32 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 4 servings\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}5 teaspoons extra-virgin olive oil\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 ounces thinly sliced pancetta, coarsely chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon butter\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 large Golden Delicious apples, peeled, cored, cut into 1/2-inch-thick slices (about 3 cups)\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}Four 8-ounce bone-in center-cut pork chops (each about 3/4-inch thick)\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/4 teaspoons kosher salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup heavy whipping cream\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup brandy\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup unsweetened apple juice\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 teaspoons chopped fresh thyme\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 medium onion, finely diced\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 In a large nonstick skillet, heat 2 teaspoons of the oil over medium-high heat. Add the pancetta and cook until crisp and light golden, about 3 minutes. Using a slotted spoon, remove the pancetta and drain on paper towels.\
Melt the butter in the same skillet. Add the apples and sprinkle with the sugar and cook until tender and deep golden brown, stirring frequently, about 5 minutes. Transfer the apples and any juices from skillet to a small bowl.\
Sprinkle the pork chops with 1 teaspoon of the salt and 3/4 teaspoon of the pepper. Add the pork chops and 2 teaspoons of the oil into the same skillet and brown for 2 minutes per side. Transfer the chops to a plate and cover to keep warm.\
Add the remaining teaspoon of oil, cream, brandy, apple juice, thyme and onions to the same skillet and bring to a simmer. Return the apples and pork chops back into the pan and simmer until cooked through, 10 to 12 minutes. Season the sauce with the remaining salt and pepper.}