{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17820\viewh18460\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs54 \cf0 Pork Tenderloin with Honey Mustard\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs34 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 6 sandwiches\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Pork Tenderloin:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs46 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}Vegetable oil cooking spray\
{\listtext	\'95	}Two 1-pound pork tenderloins\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon kosher salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons grapeseed oil\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 Honey Mustard:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs46 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons grapeseed oil\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 large shallots, chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoons kosher salt, plus extra for seasoning\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, plus extra for seasoning\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 cloves garlic, minced\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup white wine, such as pinot grigio\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup honey\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup Dijon mustard\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons red wine vinegar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch pieces, at room temperature\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs46 \cf0 For the pork tenderloin: Place an oven rack in the center of the oven. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Spray a heavy baking sheet with vegetable oil cooking spray. Set aside.\
Sprinkle the pork with the salt and pepper. Heat the oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Add the pork and brown on all sides, about 8 minutes. Transfer the pork to the prepared baking sheet and bake until a meat thermometer inserted into the thickest part of the meat registers 160 degrees F, about 30 minutes. Allow the meat to rest for 10 minutes before slicing. Slice the pork into 1/4-to-1/2-inch-thick slices.\
For the honey mustard: Heat the oil over medium-high heat in the same skillet used for browning the pork. Add the shallots, salt and pepper. Cook until the shallots are soft, about 3 minutes. Add the garlic and cook until aromatic, 30 seconds. Add the wine and scrape up the brown bits that cling to the bottom of the pan with a wooden spoon. Cook for 1 minute. Whisk in the honey, mustard, vinegar and thyme. Simmer until thick, 2 minutes. Stir in the butter until melted and smooth. Season with salt and pepper.\
Arrange the pork slices in a single layer on a platter and spoon a little more honey mustard on top of the pork. Serve any extra honey mustard alongside.\
}