{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red84\green84\blue84;\red51\green51\blue51;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl520\sa80\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs66 \cf0 Pork Dumplings\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\fs40 \cf2 Yield:  \cf0 32 to 36 dumplings\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\ql\qnatural

\fs52 \cf0 INGREDIENTS\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0\fs48 \cf0 Dipping Sauce:\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup low-sodium soy sauce\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 1/2 tablespoons Sriracha sauce\
{\listtext	\'95	}Juice of 3 lemons\
Pork Dumplings:\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon minced garlic\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 teaspoons minced ginger\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 teaspoons sesame oil\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 small bunch scallions, white and green parts, chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}12 ounces ground pork\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 tablespoons hoisin sauce\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 teaspoons low-sodium soy sauce\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon Chinese five-spice powder\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 egg\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 package round dumpling wrappers\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon vegetable or peanut oil, for frying\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\ql\qnatural

\b\fs52 \cf0 DIRECTIONS\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa160\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs48 \cf3 For the dipping sauce: Combine the soy sauce, Sriracha and lemon juice in a bowl and set aside until ready to serve. \uc0\u8232 \u8232 For the pork dumplings: Heat a large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat. Add the garlic, ginger, sesame oil and scallions and cook until fragrant, 1 to 2 minutes (you just want to take the bite off of the raw ingredients, not saute them). Remove from the heat and allow to cool 1 minute. \u8232 \u8232 Combine the cooked garlic, ginger and scallions with the pork, hoisin, soy sauce, five-spice powder and egg in a large mixing bowl. \u8232 \u8232 Working with the dumpling wrappers, start with the floured surface facing down. Place 1 1/2 teaspoons of filling in the center of a wrapper. Wet the edge of the dumpling with water, using your finger, and fold the circle in half without sealing, like a taco. Pinch one end closed. Create pleats on one side using your thumb and forefinger, pressing against the other flat edge to seal as you go. Flatten the bottoms so they can get a nice pan fry on them. Repeat until all the dumplings are filled. Keep the dumplings on a lightly-floured sheet tray to keep them from sticking, and cover with a slightly damp towel to keep from drying out. \u8232 \u8232 Heat the veggie oil over high heat in the same skillet. Working in batches, pan-fry the dumplings by placing them bottom-side down and frying until golden brown, 1 to 2 minutes. \u8232 \u8232 Once the dumplings are golden brown, working carefully (it will splatter), pour 1/2 cup water into the skillet to cover the dumplings halfway. Immediately cover with a lid, leaving a small crack for steam to escape. Cook until the water has evaporated, 5 to 7 minutes. Transfer the dumplings to a paper towel-lined plate to soak up excess oil and repeat the process with the remaining dumplings. \u8232 Cook's Note: This recipe makes a lot of dumplings; just keep extra in your freezer for a late night snack!}