{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs50 \cf0 Pork Loin with Pinot Noir Sauce\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs34 \cf0 Serves:  
\fs30 8 servings\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs34 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs40 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs38 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}2 pounds {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/tenderloin/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 pork tenderloin}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}10 slices applewood smoked thick-cut bacon, divided\
{\listtext	\'95	}Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/shallot/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 shallots}}, finely chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 cups demi-glace\
{\listtext	\'95	}3/4 cup {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/pinot-noir/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 pinot noir}} wine\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs40 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs38 \cf0 Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F.\
Slice each tenderloin crosswise into 4 equal pieces. Wrap 1 piece of bacon around the pork and secure with toothpick or wooden {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/skewer/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 skewer}}. Repeat with the remaining pork and bacon. Sprinkle with pepper. Heat a large cast-iron skillet over moderately-high heat, add the pork and cook until golden brown, turning once, about 6 minutes total. Transfer the skillet to the oven and cook until no longer pink in the middle and the bacon is golden and crispy, 8 to 10 minutes.\
In a large skillet over moderate heat, cook the remaining bacon until crispy, 12 to 15 minutes. Remove the bacon and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/drain/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 drain}} on paper towels. Keeping the fat in the pan over moderate heat, add the shallots to the pan and cook until softened, about 5 minutes. Add the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/demi-glace/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 demi-glace}} and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/wine/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 wine}} and bring to a boil, reduce the heat and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/simmer/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 simmer}} until slightly thickened, about 15 minutes. Season with salt and pepper.\
Serve the pork with generous {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/drizzle/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 drizzle}} of the pinot noir {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sauce/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 sauce}}\
}