{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red61\green61\blue61;\red6\green124\blue174;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13760\viewh14420\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri1000\sl500\sa80\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs42 \cf2 Pulled Pork Sandwich and Coleslaw\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs22 \cf2 Yield: 
\b0 6 to 8 servings\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs42 \cf2 Ingredients
\fs38 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl420\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs28 \cf2 {\listtext	
\fs38 \'95	}1 boneless pork shoulder (about 4 to 41/2 pounds)\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 tablespoons {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/salt/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 kosher salt}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon freshly ground black pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 cups light brown sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/paprika/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 paprika}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 to 3 sprigs {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/thyme/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 thyme}}, leaves only\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 cloves garlic\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup red wine {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/vinegar/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 vinegar}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}Scant 1 tablespoon cayenne\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil\
		\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\sa80\ql\qnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/coleslaw/index.html"}}{\fldrslt 
\b \cf3 Coleslaw}}
\b :\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl420\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\b0 \cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon whole-grain {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/mustard/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 mustard}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/mayonnaise/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 mayonnaise}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sour-cream/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 sour cream}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 lemon, juiced\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons red wine vinegar\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 teaspoons sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 head {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/savoy-cabbage/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 savoy cabbage}} finely sliced\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 head purple {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cabbage/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 cabbage}}, finely sliced\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 green onions, chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 carrots, sliced on {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/mandoline/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 mandoline}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}6 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/brioche/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 brioche}} hamburger buns\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 bunch flat-leaf {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/parsley/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 parsley}}, for garnish\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf2 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa180\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs38 \cf2 Place the pork, fat side up, in a roasting pan fitted with a rack insert. Place the salt, pepper, brown sugar, paprika, thyme leaves, garlic, vinegar, and cayenne in a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/food-processor/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 food processor}} and pulse until well combined. Add extra-virgin olive oil until you have a nice paste. Rub all over the pork, being sure to get into the nooks so the salt can penetrate the meat and pull out the moisture - this will help form a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/crust/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 crust}} on the outside when cooked. Cover the pork with plastic wrap and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/marinate/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 marinate}} in the refrigerator for at least 3 hours or up to overnight.\
\
Allow the meat to sit at room temperature for 30 minutes before cooking. Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F.\
\
Roast the pork for 3 1/2 hours, uncovered, until the outside is crispy-brown (it should look like mahogany). Let the meat rest on a cutting board for 10 minutes before slicing.\
\
While the pork is cooking, prepare the slaw. Combine the mustard, mayonnaise, sour cream, lemon juice, vinegar and sugar. Mix well and add finely sliced savoy cabbage, purple cabbage, green onions and carrots. Season with salt and pepper, to taste, cover with {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/plastic-wrap/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 plastic wrap}} and set aside in the refrigerator until you are ready to serve.\
\
To serve, cut the brioche buns in half and pile up some sliced pork. Top with a large spoonful of coleslaw and place the top half of the bun on top. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/garnish/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 Garnish}} with parsley.
\fs36 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\fs32 \cf2 \
\
\
\
}