{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red84\green84\blue84;\red51\green51\blue51;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl520\sa80\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs66 \cf0 Pulled Pork Sandwiches\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\fs40 \cf2 Yield:  \cf0 4 sandwiches (with leftover pork and sauce)\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\ql\qnatural

\fs52 \cf0 INGREDIENTS\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0\fs48 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}Pork and Marinade:\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup smoked paprika\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup brown sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons kosher salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons cracked black pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 teaspoons dry mustard\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon cayenne pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 pounds boneless pork shoulder\
{\listtext	\'95	}\
{\listtext	\'95	}Vinegar Sauce:\
{\listtext	\'95	}3/4 cup ketchup\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}3/4 cup apple cider vinegar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup maple syrup\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup minced fresh pineapple\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon cayenne\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon Dijon mustard\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon sea salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 brioche buns, lightly toasted\
{\listtext	\'95	}Plantain chips, for serving\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\ql\qnatural

\b\fs52 \cf0 DIRECTIONS\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa160\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs48 \cf3 For the pork and marinade: In a bowl, mix together the paprika, brown sugar, salt, pepper, mustard and cayenne. \uc0\u8232 \u8232 Put the pork in a resealable plastic bag, add half of the dry marinade, seal the bag and rub the marinade into the meat. Refrigerate overnight up to 24 hours. \u8232 \u8232 Preheat the oven to 270 degrees F. \u8232 \u8232 Remove the pork from the fridge and rub with the remaining marinade. Wrap in aluminum foil and put on a baking sheet. Bake until tender, 7 to 8 hours. Pull the pork out of the oven and shred it with two forks \u8232 \u8232 For the vinegar sauce: In a mixing bowl, whisk together the ketchup, vinegar, maple syrup, pineapple, cayenne, mustard and salt. \u8232 \u8232 To make the sandwiches: Put a portion of pulled pork in a bowl; add a few tablespoons of vinegar sauce and mix. Pile on the toasted brioche buns and serve with a side of plantain chips.\
}