{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12240\viewh11400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl500\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs46 \cf0 Roasted Pork with Smoky Red Pepper Sauce
\f1\b0\fs26 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260\ql\qnatural

\b \cf2 Serves: 
\b0 \cf0 4 to 6 servings\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs42 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf2 Pork\cf0 :\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl420\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs40 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}3 (1-pound) pork tenderloins, trimmed\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 tablespoons olive oil\
{\listtext	\'95	}Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs42 \cf0 Sauce:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl420\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs40 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}3 tablespoons olive oil\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 small \cf2 onion\cf0 , diced\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 medium red bell pepper, cored, seeded and diced into 1/2-inch pieces\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 medium yellow bell pepper, cored, seeded and diced into 1/2-inch pieces\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 medium \cf2 orange\cf0  bell pepper, cored, seeded and diced into 1/2-inch pieces\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 cloves garlic, minced\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl420\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}Kosher salt\cf0  for seasoning, plus 2 tablespoons\
{\listtext	\'95	}Freshly ground black pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/4 cups red wine, such as \cf2 Syrah\cf0  or \cf2 Cabernet Sauvignon\cf0 \
{\listtext	\'95	}2 1/2 tablespoons smoked \cf2 paprika\cf0 \
{\listtext	\'95	}1 (15-ounce) can tomato puree\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 dried \cf2 bay leaf\cf0 \
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup chopped flat-leaf \cf2 parsley\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs42 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs40 \cf0 Pork: Put an oven rack in the center of the oven. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.\
Rub 1 tablespoon of the oil over the pork and season with salt and pepper, to taste. In a large skillet or \cf2 Dutch oven\cf0 , heat the remaining 2 tablespoons of oil over high heat. Add the pork and brown it on all sides, about 8 minutes. Transfer the pork to a 13 by 9 by 2-inch glass \cf2 baking dish\cf0  and roast it until an instant-read thermometer inserted into the thickest part of the pork registers 165 degrees F, about 25 to 30 minutes. Allow the pork to rest for 10 minutes on a cutting board.\
\cf2 Sauce\cf0 : In the same skillet used for the pork, heat the oil over medium-high heat. Add the onion, peppers and \cf2 garlic\cf0  and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Cook, stirring frequently until softened, about 8 to 10 minutes. Add the wine and cook for 2 minutes, scraping up the brown bits that cling to the bottom of the pan with a wooden spoon. Stir in the paprika, \cf2 tomato\cf0  puree and the bay leaf. Bring the mixture to a \cf2 boil\cf0 . Reduce the heat to a \cf2 simmer\cf0  and cook until the sauce thickens, about 25 to 30 minutes. Remove the bay leaf and transfer the mixture to a \cf2 food processor\cf0  or \cf2 blender\cf0 . Blend until smooth. Season with 2 tablespoons salt and pepper, to taste.\
Slice the pork thinly and arrange on a platter. Spoon the sauce on top, \cf2 garnish\cf0  with chopped parsley and serve.\
}