{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Roasted Pork Loin\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs32 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 4 to 6 servings\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil\
{\listtext	\'95	}One 1 1/2-pound pork tenderloin\
{\listtext	\'95	}Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}8 ounces assorted mushrooms, such as cremini and button, quartered\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 cloves garlic, minced\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 medium onion, diced\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 tablespoons all-purpose flour\
{\listtext	\'95	}One 750-ml bottle dry white wine, such as pinot grigio\
{\listtext	\'95	}6 ounces fontina cheese, cut into twelve 1 1/2-by-1-inch slices, each about 1/4-inch thick\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 tablespoons chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 Position a rack in the center of the oven and preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.\
In a large skillet, heat the olive oil over medium-high heat. Sprinkle the pork on all sides with 2 teaspoons salt and 1 teaspoon pepper. Cook the pork, turning occasionally, until browned on all sides, about 8 minutes. Transfer the pork to a 13-by-9-inch glass or ceramic baking dish.\
Add the mushrooms, garlic, onions, 1/2 teaspoon salt and 1/4 teaspoon pepper to the skillet and cook, stirring frequently, until the onions are soft, about 8 minutes. Stir in the flour and cook for 1 minute. Increase the heat to high. Add the wine and scrape up the browned bits from the bottom of the pan with a wooden spoon. Bring the mixture to a boil and cook for 2 minutes.\
Pour the wine mixture into the dish with the pork and bake until a meat thermometer inserted into the thickest part of the pork registers 165 degrees F, 25 to 30 minutes. Transfer the pork to a cutting board and let rest for 15 minutes.\
Pour the pan juices into a medium saucepan. Stir in the parsley and keep warm over low heat. Season with salt and pepper.\
Cut the pork into twelve 1/2-inch-thick slices. Arrange in a single layer in the baking dish and place a piece of cheese on each slice. Bake until the cheese is melted, 3 to 4 minutes. Spoon the wine sauce over the top of the pork and serve.}