{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16720\viewh16640\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs58 \cf0 Roasted Garlic and Chile-Crusted Pork Loin\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs38 \cf2 Serves: 
\b0 \cf0 6\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 The {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/rub/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Rub}}:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}2 bulbs Roasted Garlic (see Note)\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon kosher salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 teaspoons ground {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/ancho-chile/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 ancho chile}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 teaspoons dried flaked {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/chipotle-chile/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 chipotle chile}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon ground {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cumin/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cumin}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 teaspoons brown sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon olive oil\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 The Roast:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 boneless double pork {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/loin/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 loin}} roast (about 3 pounds)\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 large cloves garlic, quartered\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/salt/index.html"}}{\fldrslt Kosher salt}}\cf0  and black pepper\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 Squeeze the roasted garlic pulp from each {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/clove/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 clove}} into a bowl. Add the salt, ground and flaked chiles, cumin, brown {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sugar/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 sugar}}, and olive oil and make a wet rub.\
Stab holes into the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/pork/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 pork}} loin and insert a quarter of a garlic clove into each. Massage the wet rub all over the meat, pushing some of it in between the two loins. Do this ahead, cover, and refrigerate overnight for maximum flavor penetration.\
Fire up the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/grill/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 grill}}, mounding a hot coal bed on one side. Just before grilling, season the meat all over with the salt and a grinding of black pepper.\
Set the meat directly over the coals to sear for 2 minutes, making sure to scrape onto the roast any of the coating rub stuck to the plate it was setting on. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sear/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Sear}} the remaining 3 sides for 2 minutes each. Push the meat to the other side of the grill, away from the coals. Cover the grill and adjust the heat so that it's from 325 to 350 degrees F inside. Roast for about 1 hour, till the meat reaches an internal temperature of 150 degrees F. Pull the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/roast/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 roast}} off the grill and let it rest for 15 minutes.\
Carve and serve immediately, or let it cool completely and then slice for sandwiches.\
Note: To make roasted {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/garlic/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 garlic}}, preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Cut the top off of each of two garlic bulb, slicing into the points of the cloves. Place them cut side up on a piece of foil. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/drizzle/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Drizzle}} with oil and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Wrap the foil up around the bulbs and bake for 45 to 60 minutes, till they release their perfume. Open the foil and test for doneness. The cloves should squeeze softly when pinched. Bake a little longer if they seem to need it. Roasted garlic keeps for several days in the fridge. Makes 2 bulbs.}