{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs54 \cf0 Apple Brown Butter Tart\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs34 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 8 to 10 servings\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs38 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/crust/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Crust}}:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs46 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 sticks cold {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/butter/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 unsalted butter}}, cut into pea-size pieces\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup flour\
{\listtext	\'95	}Pinch kosher salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup ice water\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 Filling:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs46 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 sticks unsalted butter\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sugar/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 sugar}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}3/4 cup flour\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 eggs\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/vanilla/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 vanilla bean}}, split and insides scraped\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 Apples:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls3\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs46 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons butter\
{\listtext	\'95	}6 Golden Delicious apples, peeled, cored and cut into 1/8ths\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/brandy/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 brandy}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup golden raisins\
{\listtext	\'95	}Flour, for dusting\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 egg, beaten with 1 tablespoon water\
{\listtext	\'95	}Special Equipment: 9-inch {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/tart-pan/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 tart pan}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs46 \cf0 Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.\
For the crust: Combine the butter, flour, and salt in a food processor. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/pulse/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Pulse}} until the mixture looks like {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/parmigiano-reggiano/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Parmesan cheese}}. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/drizzle/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Drizzle}} in half the cold water and pulse until the mixture forms a rough ball, adding the remaining water if needed. Remove the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/dough/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 dough}} from the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/food-processor/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 food processor}}, form into a disk, wrap in plastic, and refrigerate for at least 1 hour.\
For the filling: In a small {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/saucepan/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 saucepan}}, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/melt/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 melt}} the butter and cook it until it starts to brown and begins to smell like {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/hazelnut/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 hazelnuts}}. Transfer the butter to the bowl of a stand {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/mixer/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 mixer}} equipped with a paddle. Add the sugar and beat together on medium speed. Gradually add the flour. Once the flour has combined, add the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/eggs/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 eggs}} one at a time. Beat in the vanilla bean seeds.\
For the apples: In a large saute pan, melt the butter over medium heat. Add the apples and sugar and cook until the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/apple/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 apples}} start to soften, 6 to7 minutes. Pull the pan off the burner and add in the brandy. Return to the fire and flambe, if desired, or just let the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/alcohol/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 alcohol}} burn off. Toss in the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/raisin/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 raisins}}.\
To assemble: Remove the dough from the fridge 15 minutes before ready to use, this will allow the dough to soften and come to room temperature.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/dust/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Dust}} a clean work surface with flour. Roll the dough out 1/8-inch thick and lay it in the tart pan with lots of overhang on the sides. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/schmear/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Schmear}} half the filling into the bottom of the tart pan and top with the apple mixture. Fold the extra dough over the top of the apples. Brush the dough with the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/egg-wash/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 egg wash}}.\
Bake the tart in the oven until the top is golden brown and slightly crispy, 45 to 50 minutes.\
Cook's Note: This filling is enough for 2 tarts. It's easier to make a larger quantity and it lasts in the fridge for a few days.\
}