{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15840\viewh20240\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa200\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs40 \cf0 Black Forest Truffle Tart
\b0\fs26 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}
\fs38 1 Oreo pie crust (instructions below)\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 cups heavy cream\
{\listtext	\'95	}12 ounces chocolate chips\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 cups chilled sweet cherry pie filling\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Place heavy cream and chocolate chips into a microwave safe bowl.\'a0 Microwave on high for one minute.\'a0 Leave in the microwave with the door shut for five minutes afterward.\'a0 Remove bowl and whisk until smooth and shiny.\'a0 It will go through a very raggedy looking stage where you will think I\'92ve steered you wrong.\'a0\'a0 Keep whisking in a circle.\'a0 I promise it\'92ll all work out.\'a0 When it becomes shiny and smooth put the bowl and whisk in the refrigerator.\'a0\'a0 Remove the bowl from the refrigerator every fifteen minutes and give it a good stir with the whisk.\'a0 After about forty five minutes to an hour, you\'92ll feel the ganache beginning to thicken up.\'a0 It should be cool to the touch all the way through.\
Scrape the contents into the bowl of your stand mixer. Turn the mixer on high and go just until the ganache starts becoming fluffy and thickened.\'a0 If you go beyond this stage you will have made what is effectively chocolate butter.\'a0 Mind you, that\'92s not necessarily a problem, but it\'92s not what we\'92re shooting for here.\
Use a rubber spatula to transfer the contents to your pie crust and smooth the top.\'a0 Spread the pie filling over the top of the ganache and chill the pie until the ganache is set up.\'a0 This will take about thirty minutes.\
Slice into thin wedges and serve.\
\

\b\fs40 Homemade Chocolate Cookie Crust
\b0\fs26 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\fs36 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}
\fs38 Half of a package of Oreo type cookies. I like to use the chocolate cream filled ones for a double dose of chocolate.\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 Tablespoons melted butter\
		\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Crush the cookies in a zipper top bag or pulse until finely crushed in a food processor.\'a0 Mix the melted butter in with a fork and press into a pie plate or removable bottom tart pan.\'a0\
}