{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13640\viewh17360\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Caramel Apple Tart\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs32 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 8 servings\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 (9-ounce) box pie crust mix\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/granny-smith-apple/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Granny Smith apples}}, peeled and cored\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 Golden Delicious apples, peeled and cored\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/lemon/index.html"}}{\fldrslt Lemon juice}}\cf0 , as needed\
{\listtext	\'95	}3/4 cup sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 teaspoons pumpkin pie spice, plus 1/2 teaspoon\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 pinch of salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup butter, room temperature\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup heavy {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/whipping-cream/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 whipping cream}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 tablespoons {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/powdered-sugar/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 powdered sugar}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 Prepare the pie crust according to package instructions. Roll the dough out between 2 pieces of waxed paper to 1/4-inch thickness. Invert a heavy bottom 10-inch nonstick skillet over the dough, trace the outside edge of the pan and trim the excess. Put the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/dough/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 pie dough}} on a sheet tray, cover it in {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/plastic-wrap/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 plastic wrap}} and refrigerate.\
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.\
Slice each apple in 2 and place the halves in a bowl of water with a bit of lemon juice to keep them from browning. In a small bowl, combine the sugar with 2 teaspoons of pumpkin pie spice and the salt.\
Put the same skillet used to measure out the pie crust, over medium-high heat, and add the butter. Sprinkle 3/4 of the sugar mixture over the melted butter. Arrange the apple halves flat side down in the pan. Sprinkle the remaining sugar over the apples. Cook until the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/caramel/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 caramel}} syrup turns a deep golden brown color, about 15 minutes. Carefully arrange the chilled {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/pie-crust/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 pie crust}} over the top of the cooked apples and use a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/spatula/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 spatula}} to tuck in the edges.\
Put the skillet in the oven and bake until the crust is slightly brown in color, about 15 to 20 minutes. Remove the skillet from the oven and let it stand for around 5 minutes, then invert the pie onto a serving platter.\
In a medium bowl, using a hand mixer on medium speed, whip the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cream/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 heavy cream}} with the confectioners' sugar and the remaining 1/2 teaspoon of {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/pumpkin/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 pumpkin}} pie spice until soft peaks form. Serve the warm tart on individual plates with a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/dollop/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 dollop}} of {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cream/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 whipped cream}}\cf2 .\cf0 \
}