{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red51\green51\blue51;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16340\viewh19300\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl520\sa80\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs66 \cf0 Chocolate Souffle Tart\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\fs40 \cf0 8 to 12 servings\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\ql\qnatural

\fs44 \cf0 INGREDIENTS\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0\fs48 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 (9-inch) pie shell, homemade or store bought\
{\listtext	\'95	}5 ounces 64-percent dark chocolate, chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 stick (4 tablespoons) unsalted butter\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}3 large eggs, whites and yolks separated\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup sugar\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\ql\qnatural

\b\fs44 \cf0 DIRECTIONS\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa160\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs48 \cf2 Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Bake pie shell until just golden around edges, about 12 minutes; set aside. \uc0\u8232 In a medium bowl set over a saucepan of simmering water, combine chocolate and butter. Cook, stirring, until melted and combined, 5 to 8 minutes; keep warm. \u8232 In a medium bowl, whisk egg yolks and 2 tablespoons sugar until stiff peaks form. In a second bowl, whisk the egg whites and a pinch of sugar until frothy, then slowly beat in the remaining sugar and whip just until stiff peaks form. Fold the yolk mixture into the chocolate mixture until partially combined; fold into half of the white mixture. Add the remaining whites and fold until combined. \u8232 Scoop the mixture into the pie shell; fill to the top of the shell. Bake until the pie doubles in size, has a crust on top, and is cake-like on the outside, but still soft in the center, about 20 minutes. \u8232 \u8232 }