{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red158\green0\blue0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww18640\viewh19780\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\qc

\f0\b\fs58 \cf2 ~ Sinful Chocolate Torte ~\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs52 \cf0 \
8 oz package of shortbread cookies\uc0\u8232 \'bc lb hazelnuts (Roman, if available)\u8232 Approx. 3 tbsp salted butter, at room temperature\u8232 2 cups heavy whipping cream\u8232 2 cups semi-sweet chocolate chips\
Preheat oven to 350\'b0F.\uc0\u8232 \u8232 Shell the hazelnuts, then toast on a cookie sheet (or jelly roll pan) in the preheated 350\'b0F oven for 15-20 minutes, until golden brown.\u8232 Keeping the oven hot, remove hazelnuts from oven and rub them briskly with a kitchen towel to remove extra skin.Using either a food processor or a 1 gal zipper bag and a rolling pin, crush hazelnuts until medium-coarse.\u8232 Crush shortbread cookies medium-fine.\u8232 Heat the heavy cream in a saucepan over medium heat, stirring occasionally. When it begins to steam, add half the crushed hazelnuts and stir several times before removing from heat.Pour mixture into a bowl and cover. Set aside for one hour to steep at room temperature.\u8232 \u8232 Crust:\u8232 In a large bowl, blend the crushed shortbread cookies and remainder of the crushed hazelnuts.  Gradually add the butter, blending with your fingertips. The dough is ready when it is still slightly crumbly, but remains firm when pressed into the bottom of the bowl.\u8232 Press dough into a greased 9" quiche tin.\u8232 Bake in the preheated 350\'b0F oven for 15-20 minutes, until golden brown.\u8232 \u8232 Filling:\u8232 After the cream has finished steeping for an hour, strain hazelnuts.  Set strained hazelnuts aside in a small bowl.\u8232 Return cream to the saucepan and place over medium heat, stirring occasionally, until it begins to steam.  In a large bowl, pour the heated cream over the chocolate chips. Let stand for a minute, then, with a wooden spoon or a whisk, stir until chocolate has melted and the ganache mixture is a uniform color.\u8232 Pour a small amount of the ganache over the hazelnuts and mix well. Use this mixture to coat the bottom of the crust.\u8232 Refrigerate ganache for approximately 10 minutes, removing every minute or so to stir, to cool until just slightly warm. Then pour over the crust. (For a lighter texture, try whipping the cooled ganache with an electric mixer using a whisk attachment.)\u8232 Cover the torte and refrigerate for at least 2 hours before serving.\u8232 \u8232 This recipe can also be prepared a day ahead of time.\u8232 \u8232 Before serving, for an extra layer of decadence, cover the torte with a layer of Nutella -- an Italian chocolate hazelnut spread, available in many supermarkets and specialty food stores.\u8232 \u8232 Buon appetito!\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa120\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260\qc
\cf0 \uc0\u8232 }