{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red76\green34\blue0;\red80\green80\blue80;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15060\viewh20680\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa100\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs46 \cf2 Chocolate-Espresso Torte
\f1\fs34 \cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa240\ql\qnatural
\cf3 Serves 8 to 10. \
The smoky flavor of espresso is an exceptional match for bittersweet chocolate, and this dark, decadent torte showcases their perfect marriage. \

\b\fs42 \cf2 Ingredients:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0 \cf3 		8 Tbs. (1 stick) unsalted butter, at room temperature, plus more for greasing\'a0\
		3/4 lb. bittersweet chocolate, finely chopped\'a0\
		1/4 lb. unsweetened chocolate, finely chopped\'a0\
		1/2 cup brewed espresso, at room temperature\'a0\'a0\
		1/2 tsp. vanilla extract\'a0\
		1/2 tsp. salt\'a0\
		6 egg yolks, at room temperature\'a0\
		1 cup sugar\'a0\
		4 egg whites, at room temperature\'a0\
		1/4 tsp. cream of tartar\
		Ganache (recipe below)\'a0\'a0\
		\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\b \cf2 Directions:\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa240\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf3 Preheat an oven to 400\'b0F. Grease a 9-inch springform pan with butter, line the bottom with a parchment-paper round and grease the parchment with butter. Wrap the outside of the pan with a large sheet of aluminum foil. \uc0\u8232 \u8232 In a heatproof bowl, combine the 8 Tbs. butter and the chocolates. Set the bowl over but not touching simmering water in a saucepan and heat, stirring often, until melted and smooth. Stir in the espresso, vanilla and salt. Set aside to cool slightly. \u8232 \u8232 In a large bowl, vigorously whisk the egg yolks with 1/2 cup of the sugar until pale and creamy, then fold in the chocolate mixture. \u8232 \u8232 In the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the whisk attachment, beat the egg whites and cream of tartar on medium-high speed until foamy. Slowly add 1/4 cup of the sugar and beat until the whites hold stiff, shiny peaks. Gently fold the egg whites into the chocolate mixture and scrape the batter into the prepared pan. Place the springform pan in a large roasting pan, transfer to the oven and pour about 1 inch of very hot water into the roasting pan. Bake for 10 minutes, then reduce the oven temperature to 350\'b0F and continue baking until the center of the torte is set, 25 to 30 minutes more. \u8232 \u8232 Remove the torte from the water bath, discard the aluminum foil and let cool on a wire rack for 1 hour. Remove the springform pan sides, then invert the torte onto a greased sheet of parchment paper. Lift off the pan bottom, peel off the parchment round, turn the torte right side up onto a cake plate and let cool completely.\
Spread top of torte with ganache. \uc0\u8232 \u8232 Slice the torte into wedges and serve. \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa100\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f0\fs46 \cf2 Chocolate Ganache\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa100\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\fs24 \cf3 		\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf3 		
\fs42 4 oz. bittersweet chocolate, chopped into small pieces\
		2 T.   heavy cream\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural
\cf3 \
In a heatproof bowl, combine the chocolate and the cream. Set the bowl over but not touching simmering water in a small saucepan and melt the chocolate, stirring occasionally, until smooth and blended, 1 to 2 minutes. \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa240\ql\qnatural
\cf3 \
\
\uc0\u8232 }