{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red79\green37\blue19;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15700\viewh20500\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs54 \cf2 Chocolate Torte with Blackberry Cabernet Sauce
\fs44 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf2 - 12 ounces semisweet chocolate, chopped  \
- 3/4 cup unsalted butter, melted \
- 1/4 cup unsweetened cocoa powder \
- 1 teaspoon instant espresso powder \
- 2 large eggs\
- 3 large egg yolks \
- 1 cup sugar \
\
- Preheat oven to 350\'b0F. \
Prepare Blackberry Chocolate Sauce. (recipe below)\
Butter a 9-inch springform pan; line bottom with parchment. Prepare Blackberry Chocolate Sauce (recipe below). Add butter and chocolate to Blackberry Chocolate Sauce while warm. Stir until smooth. Whisk in cocoa and espresso. Cool 10 minutes. \
- Using electric mixer, beat eggs, yolks and sugar in large bowl on high speed until thick, about 6 minutes. Fold in chocolate mixture. Pour batter into prepared pan. \
- Bake torte until dry and cracked on top and tester inserted into center comes out with some moist batter attached, about 42 minutes. Cool in pan on rack 1 hour (center will fall). Using spatula, press raised edges so top is level. Cut around pan sides; remove sides. Place plate atop torte and invert onto plate. Remove pan bottom; peel off paper, and cool torte completely. Garnish with berries.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\b\fs54 \cf2 Blackberry Cabernet Sauce
\b0\fs44 \
- 1 cup frozen blackberries, thawed\
- 1/2 cup Cabernet Sauvignon\
- 2 teaspoons sugar\
- 8 ounces semisweet chocolate  \
- 1/4 cup butter \
\
-Place berries, wine and sugar in a blender; puree. Pour into medium saucepan. Bring to simmer, stirring occasionally. Reduce heat, cover and simmer 8-10 minutes. Strain into a bowl, discarding solids. \
   }