{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red51\green51\blue51;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16400\viewh18980\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs72 \cf2 Chocolate Truffle Tart
\fs52 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs42 \cf2 Yield: 8-12 servings\

\i\fs52 \
For the crust
\i0 :\
28 chocolate wafers such as Nabisco Famous, finely ground in a food processor (1 \'bd cups)\
6 Tbsp. unsalted butter, melted and cooled\
\

\i For the filling
\i0 :\
\'bd lb. good-quality bittersweet chocolate (no more than 60% cacao), coarsely chopped\
6 Tbsp. unsalted butter, cut into \'bd-inch cubes\
2 large eggs\
1/3 cup heavy cream\
\'bc cup granulated sugar\
\'bc tsp salt\
1 tsp. pure vanilla extract\
Unsweetened cocoa, for dusting the finished tart\
\

\i To prepare the crust
\i0 :\
Put an oven rack in the middle position, and preheat the oven to 350 degrees Fahrenheit. Wrap a sheet of foil around the outside of an 8-inch round springform pan, to catch any possible leaks. Lightly butter the sides of the pan.\
In a medium bowl, stir together the ground wafers and melted butter until well combined. Turn the mixture into the pan and, using your hands, pat it evenly onto the bottom and 1 \'bd inches up the side. Slide the pan into the oven, and bake until the crust is slightly puffed, about 10 minutes. Cool completely on a wire rack, about 15 minutes. Leave the oven on.\

\i To prepare the filling
\i0 :\
While the crust cools, melt the chocolate and butter, stirring occasionally until smooth, in a double boiler or a metal bowl set over \'96 but not touching \'96 barely simmering water. Remove the mixture from the heat and set aside to cool for 5 minutes.\
In a medium bowl, whisk the eggs lightly. Add the cream, sugar, salt, and vanilla, and whisk to combine well. Add the chocolate mixture, and whisk to combine well.\

\i To assemble the tart
\i0 :\
Pour the filling into the cooled crust, smooth it gently with the back of a spoon or a rubber spatula, and rap the pan once on the counter to eliminate any air bubbles. Slide the pan carefully into the oven, and bake until the filling 1 inch from the edge is set and slightly puffed but the center still trembles a little when the pan is gently shaken, 20-25 minutes. The center will continue to set as it cools.\
Cool the tart completely in the pan on a wire rack, about 2 hours. Chill, uncovered, until the center is firm, about 4 hours. About 1 to 2 hours before serving, remove the tart from the fridge and carefully pull away the side of the pan. Put a teaspoon or two of cocoa in a small sieve, and dust it over the cake. Allow to sit at room temperature for an hour or two; then serve.\
\

\i Note
\i0 : If you\'92re short on time \'96 which you may be, since Valentine\'92s Day falls on a Wednesday \'96 you can make the crust and filling and bake the tart a day or two ahead. When the tart is completely chilled, cover it loosely with foil. (Covering it before it is fully chilled can cause condensation.) The finished tart will keep, according to 
\i Gourmet
\i0 , in the fridge for three days.\
\
\
\
}