{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red85\green85\blue85;\red68\green77\blue79;\red42\green42\blue42;
\red211\green0\blue0;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12140\viewh13180\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa240\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs48 \cf3 Elegant Citrus Tart\

\f0\fs32 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa240\ql\qnatural
\cf2 Topping our tart are Florida-grown Ruby Red grapefruit and navel oranges and the brightest red grapefruit you can buy\'97the Rio Star from Texas.\
\uc0\u8232 
\b Yield:
\b0  Makes 8 servings\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa60\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs46 \cf4 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\sa120\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\fs34 \cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}1/3\'a0 cup\'a0 sweetened flaked coconut\
{\listtext	\'95	}2\'a0 cups\'a0 all-purpose flour\
{\listtext	\'95	}2/3\'a0 cup\'a0 powdered sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}3/4\'a0 cup\'a0 cold butter, cut into pieces\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4\'a0 teaspoon\'a0 coconut extract\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\sa120\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf5 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://find.myrecipes.com/recipes/recipefinder.dyn?action=displayRecipe&recipe_id=50400000109478"}}{\fldrslt Buttery Orange Curd}}\cf2 \
{\listtext	\'95	}9\'a0 assorted citrus fruits, peeled and sectioned\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa60\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs46 \cf4 Preparation\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa240\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs34 \cf2 1. Preheat oven to 350\'b0. Bake coconut in a single layer in a shallow pan 4 to 5 minutes or until toasted and fragrant, stirring halfway through; cool completely (about 15 minutes).\
2. Pulse coconut, flour, and powdered sugar in a food processor 3 to 4 times or until combined. Add butter and coconut extract, and pulse 5 to 6 times or until crumbly. With processor running, gradually add 3 Tbsp. water, and process until dough forms a ball and leaves sides of bowl.\
3. Roll dough into a 12 1/2- x 8-inch rectangle (about 1/4 inch thick) on a lightly floured surface; press on bottom and up sides of a 12- x 9-inch tart pan with removable bottom. Trim excess dough, and discard.\
4. Bake at 350\'b0 for 30 minutes. Cool completely on a wire rack (about 40 minutes).\
5. Spread Buttery Orange Curd over crust. Top with citrus sections.\
Note: To make a round tart, roll dough into a 10-inch circle (about 1/4 inch thick) on a lightly floured surface; press on bottom and up sides of a 9-inch round tart pan with removable bottom. Trim excess dough, and discard. Bake as directed.
\fs32 \

\fs30 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs48 \cf3 Buttery Orange Curd\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa240\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs32 \cf2 Yield:
\b0  Makes about 2 cups
\f1\fs36 \cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa60\ql\qnatural
\cf4 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\sa120\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f0\fs34 \cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}2/3\'a0 cup\'a0 sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 1/2\'a0 tablespoons\'a0 cornstarch\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/3\'a0 cups\'a0 orange juice\
{\listtext	\'95	}1\'a0 large egg, lightly beaten\
{\listtext	\'95	}3\'a0 tablespoons\'a0 butter\
{\listtext	\'95	}2\'a0 teaspoons\'a0 orange zest\
{\listtext	\'95	}Pinch of salt\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa60\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\fs46 \cf4 Preparation\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa240\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f0\fs34 \cf2 1. Combine sugar and cornstarch in a 3-qt. saucepan; gradually whisk in orange juice. Whisk in egg. Bring to a boil; boil, whisking constantly, 3 to 4 minutes.\
2. Remove from heat; whisk in butter, zest, and salt. Place heavy-duty plastic wrap directly on curd (to prevent a film from forming), and chill 8 hours. Store leftovers in refrigerator up to 3 days.\
Note: We tested with Simply Orange 100% Pure Squeezed Orange Juice.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\sa120\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf2 \
}