{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid4}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15580\viewh20240\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa240\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs44 \cf0 Sweet Tart Pastry
\fs36 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa200\ql\qnatural

\fs30 \cf0 From the episode: 
\i Two French Tarts
\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 Makes one 9- to 9 1/2-inch tart shell\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural

\i\b0 \cf0 If the dough feels too firm when you\'92re ready to roll it out, let it stand at room temperature for a few minutes. If, on the other hand, the dough becomes soft and sticky while rolling, don\'92t hesitate to rechill it until it becomes easier to work with. Better to rechill than to add too much flour, which will damage the delicate, crisp texture of the dough. We find a French rolling pin (as pictured in illustrations) to be the most precise instrument for rolling tart pastry. Bake the tart shell in a 9- to 9 \'bd-inch tart pan with a removable bottom and fluted sides about 1 to 1 1/8 inches high. This recipe is formally known as P\'e2te Sucr\'e9e.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural

\i0\b \cf0 INGREDIENTS\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl520\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 		1
\b0  large egg yolk\
\ls1\ilvl0
\b 		1
\b0  tablespoon heavy cream\
\ls1\ilvl0
\b 		1/2
\b0  teaspoon vanilla extract\
\ls1\ilvl0
\b 		1 1/4
\b0  cups unbleached all-purpose flour\
\ls1\ilvl0
\b 		2/3
\b0  cup confectioners' sugar\
\ls1\ilvl0
\b 		1/4
\b0  teaspoon table salt\
\ls1\ilvl0
\b 		8
\b0  tablespoons unsalted butter (1 stick, very cold), cut into twenty-four 3/4-inch cubes\
\ls1\ilvl0
\b 		1
\b0  tablespoon unbleached all-purpose flour for dusting\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 INSTRUCTIONS\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl360\sa300\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\b0 \cf0 		1. Whisk together yolk, cream, and vanilla in small bowl; set aside. Pulse to combine 1 1/4 cups flour, sugar, and salt in bowl of food processor fitted with steel blade. Scatter butter pieces over flour mixture; pulse to cut butter into flour until mixture resembles coarse meal, about fifteen 1-second pulses. With machine running, add egg mixture and process until dough just comes together, about 25 seconds. Turn dough onto sheet of plastic wrap and press into 6-inch disk. Wrap in plastic and refrigerate at least 2 hours.\
		2. Unwrap dough; lightly flour large sheet of parchment paper or plastic wrap and place dough in center. Following illustrations 1-9, roll out dough and line tart pan. Freeze dough 30 minutes.\
		3. Meanwhile, adjust one oven rack to upper-middle position and other rack to lower-middle position; heat oven to 375 degrees. Place chilled tart shell on cookie sheet; press 12-inch square of foil inside tart shell and fill with metal or ceramic pie weights. Bake on lower rack 30 minutes, rotating halfway through baking time. Carefully remove foil and weights by gathering edges of foil and pulling up and out. Transfer cookie sheet with tart shell to upper rack and continue to bake until shell is golden brown, about 5 minutes longer.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa240\ql\qnatural

\fs44 \cf0 Classic Lemon Tart\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa200\ql\qnatural

\fs30 \cf0 From the episode: 
\i Two French Tarts
\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 Serves 8\

\i\b0 The filling is a lemon curd adapted for this tart. Once the lemon curd ingredients have been combined, cook the curd immediately; otherwise it will have a grainy finished texture. To prevent the curd from acquiring a metallic taste, make absolutely sure that all utensils coming into contact with it--bowls, whisk, saucepan, and strainer--are made of non- reactive stainless steel or glass. Since the tart pan has a removable bottom, it is more easily maneuvered when set on a cookie sheet. If your pre-baked tart shell has already cooled, place it in the oven just before you start the curd and heat it until warm, about 5 minutes. Serve the tart with lightly whipped cream, the perfect accompaniment to the rich, intensely lemon filling.\

\i0\b INGREDIENTS\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl520\ql\qnatural
\ls3\ilvl0\cf0 		1
\b0  fully baked warm tart shell (9- to 9 1/2-inch) -- see related recipe\
\ls3\ilvl0
\b 		7
\b0  large egg yolks\
\ls3\ilvl0
\b 		2
\b0  large eggs\
\ls3\ilvl0
\b 		1
\b0  cup granulated sugar\
\ls3\ilvl0
\b 		2
\b0  tablespoons granulated sugar\
\ls3\ilvl0
\b 		2/3
\b0  cup lemon juice from 4 to 5 medium lemons\
\ls3\ilvl0
\b 		1/4
\b0  cup grated lemon zest\
\ls3\ilvl0
\b 		\'a0
\b0  pinch table salt\
\ls3\ilvl0
\b 		4
\b0  tablespoons unsalted butter , cut into 4 pieces\
\ls3\ilvl0
\b 		3
\b0  tablespoons heavy cream\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 INSTRUCTIONS\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl360\sa300\ql\qnatural
\ls4\ilvl0
\b0 \cf0 		1. Adjust oven rack to upper-middle position and heat oven to 375 degrees. Place tart pan with shell on cookie sheet.\
		2. In medium non-reactive bowl, whisk together yolks and whole eggs until combined, about 5 seconds. Add sugar and whisk until just combined, about 5 seconds. Add lemon juice, zest, and salt; whisk until combined, about 5 seconds. Transfer mixture to medium non-reactive saucepan, add butter pieces, and cook over medium-low heat, stirring constantly with wooden spoon, until curd thickens to thin saucelike consistency and registers 170 degrees on an instant-read thermometer, about 5 minutes. Immediately pour curd through single-mesh stainless steel strainer set over clean non-reactive bowl. Stir in heavy cream; pour curd into warm tart shell immediately.\
		3. Bake until filling is shiny and opaque and until the center 3 inches jiggle slightly when shaken, 10 to 15 minutes. Cool on wire rack to room temperature, about 45 minutes. Remove outer metal ring, slide thin metal spatula between bottom crust and tart pan bottom to release, then slip tart onto cardboard round or serving plate. Cut into wedges and serve.\
\pard\tx560\pardeftab720\sl360\sa300\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
}