{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red198\green0\blue48;\red79\green37\blue19;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17120\viewh20280\viewkind0
\deftab720

\itap1\trowd \taflags0 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clmgf \clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth10780\clftsWidth3 \clmart10 \clmarl10 \clmarb10 \clmarr10 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt40 \clpadl40 \clpadb40 \clpadr40 \gaph\cellx2880
\clmrg \clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth10780\clftsWidth3 \clmart10 \clmarl10 \clmarb10 \clmarr10 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt40 \clpadl40 \clpadb40 \clpadr40 \gaph\cellx5760
\clmrg \clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth10780\clftsWidth3 \clmart10 \clmarl10 \clmarb10 \clmarr10 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt40 \clpadl40 \clpadb40 \clpadr40 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs46 \cf2 Dark Chocolate Torte with Spiced Blackberry
\f1\fs40 \cf3 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural
\cf3 Dark Chocolate Torte \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf3 - 1 2/3 cups semisweet chocolate chips \
- 3/4 cup salted margarine, divided \
- 1/4 cup unsweetened cocoa powder \
- 1 teaspoon instant espresso powder or instant coffee powder \
- 5 large eggs \
- 1 cup sugar \
\
- Preheat oven to 350\'b0F. Brush 9-inch-diameter springform pan with margarine; line bottom with parchment. Stir 1 2/3 cups chocolate chips and 3/4 cup margarine in medium saucepan over low heat until smooth. Whisk in cocoa and espresso. Cool 10 minutes. \
- Using electric mixer, beat eggs and sugar in large bowl on high speed until thick, about 6 minutes. Fold in chocolate mixture. Pour batter into prepared pan. \
- Bake torte until dry and cracked on top and tester inserted into center comes out with some moist batter attached, about 42 minutes. Cool in pan on rack 1 hour (center will fall). Using spatula, press raised edges so top is level. Cut around pan sides; remove sides. Place plate atop torte and invert onto plate. Remove pan bottom; peel off paper, and cool torte completely. \
\
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\b \cf3 Blackberry Chocolate Glaze
\b0 \
- 1 cup frozen blackberries, thawed\
- 1/2 cup Cabernet Sauvignon\
- 2 teaspoons sugar\
- 1 cup chocolate chips \
- 1/4 cup butter \
\
-Place berries, wine and sugar in a blender; puree. Pour into medium saucepan. Bring to simmer, stirring occasionally. Reduce heat, cover and simmer 8-10 minutes. Strain into a bowl, discarding solids. \
-Stir chocolate and butter in a small saucepan over low heat until smooth. Remove from heat and whisk in blackberry mixture. Cool for 15 minutes, then spread over the top of the torte, allowing some to drip down the sides. Garnish with berries. \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\cell \lastrow\row
}