{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14840\viewh20640\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs58 \cf0 Dark Chocolate Key Lime Mousse Tart
\b0\fs38 \

\fs36 Serves 8
\fs38 \
\

\b\fs44 Graham Cracker Crust
\b0 \
1 1/2 cups (7 ounces) ground graham cracker crumbs\
1 Tablespoon sugar\
3/4 stick butter, melted\
\
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.  Position oven rack in the center.\
Place graham cracker crumbs and sugar in a medium bowl and \
blend well.  Add the melted butter and stir until all the crumbs are evenly moistened.  Press crumbs into the bottom and sides of a springform pan.\
Bake for 8-10 minutes, until lightly browned.  Transfer to a rack to cool completely.\
\

\b Dark Chocolate Ganache\

\b0 3 ounces bittersweet or semi-sweet chocolate, chopped\
1/2 Tablespoon butter\
1/3 cup heavy cream\
\
Place chopped chocolate and butter in a small glass bowl.\
Heat cream over medium heat in a small saucepan until just beginning to bubble.  Pour the cream over chocolate and whisk to combine.  Pour ganache into bottom of graham cracker crust and allow to sit for a few minutes.\
\

\b Key Lime Mousse
\b0 \
1/2 Tablespoon grated Key lime zest\
1/2 cup fresh Key lime juice\
1/2 cup of sugar\
Pinch of salt\
3 large eggs\
3/4 stick unsalted butter, cut into bits\
2/3 cup chilled heavy cream\
\
Whisk together zest, juice, sugar, salt, and eggs in a small heavy saucepan.  Add butter and cook over medium-low heat, whisking frequently, until thick enough to hold marks of whisk, about 5 minutes.  Force through a fine-mesh sieve into a bowl, then quick-chill in an ice bath, stirring occasionally, about 5 minutes.\
Beat cream until it holds stiff peaks, then fold into custard gently but thoroughly.  Pour into chocolate lined tart pan and smooth surface.\
Refrigerate for at least 2 hours and up to 2 days.\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
}