{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww24900\viewh20240\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs46 \cf0 Double Chocolate Tart with Black Pepper Ice Cream\
8 servings\
\

\i\fs38 Ice Cream
\i0\fs36 \
2  cups heavy cream\
2  cups whole milk\
1  cup sugar, divided\
1  tsp. kosher salt\
9  large egg yolks\
1  T. freshly ground black pepper\
\

\i Candied Hazelnuts\

\i0 1/4  cup sugar  \
1     large egg white\
1/4  tsp. kosher salt\
3/4  cup skinned hazelnuts\
\

\i Tart\

\i0           Nonstick vegetable oil spray\
6 1/2  oz. chocolate wafer cookies\
          (such as Nabisco Famous\
          Chocolate Wafers; about \
          28 cookies), coarsely broken\
5        T. unsalted butter, melted\
15      oz. high-quality milk chocolate\
          (such as Vairhona, Scharffen \
          Berger or Lindt), chopped\
1 1/4  cups heavy cream\
\

\i Special Equipment:
\i0  \
9"-diameter tart pan with removable bottom\
ice cream maker\
\
\

\b Ice Cream
\b0   Bring cream, milk, 1/2 cup sugar, and salt to a boil in a large heavy saucepan over medium heat,\
stirring to dissolve sugar; remove from heat.  Whisk egg yolks and remaining 1/2 cup sugar in a large bowl\
to blend; gradually whisk in hot milk mixture and return to saucepan.  Stir over low heat until custard thickens\
and your finger leaves a path on the back of a spoon when drawn across, about 6 minutes.  Pour through a\
fine-mesh strainer into a medium bowl.  Stir in pepper.  Set bowl over a large bowl of ice water; stir until cold.\
Process custard in an ice cream maker according to manufacturer's instructions.  \
Transfer to a container, cover, and freeze.\

\b Do ahead: 
\b0 Can be made 3 days ahead.\

\b Candied Hazelnuts
\b0   Preheat oven to 250 degrees.  LIne a baking sheet with parchment paper.  Whisk sugar, \
egg white, and salt in a medium bowl just until bubbles form.  Stir in hazelnuts.  Spread out on prepared sheet.  \
Bake, stirring every 10 minutes, until nuts are golden brown and caramelized, about 50 minutes.\

\b Do ahead:
\b0  Can be made 1 day ahead.  Store airtight at room temperature.\
\

\b Tart  
\b0 Preheat oven to 325 degrees.  Coat tart pan with nonstick spray.  Finely grind cookies in a food processor.  \
Drizzle butter over; pulse until blended.  Press evenly onto bottom and up sides of pan.  Bake until firm, about\
15 minutes.  Let cool completely.\
Place chocolate in a medium bowl.  Bring cream to a boil in a small saucepan.  Pour over chocolate; stir until\
melted.  Pour filling over cooled crust.  Freeze until firm, at least 2 hours and up  to 2 days.\
Remove the tart pan side.  Cut into wedges, working quickly as tart will become gooey as it sits.\
Serve with black pepper ice cream and garnish with candied hazelnuts.  \
\
\
 \
\
\
           \
          \
\
\
\

\fs46  }