{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red84\green84\blue84;\red51\green51\blue51;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl520\sa80\qj

\f0\b\fs68 \cf0 Easy Pastry Shop Apple Tart\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\qj

\fs42 \cf2 Yield:  \cf0 6 servings\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\qj

\fs54 \cf0 INGREDIENTS\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\qj
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0\fs50 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}For the crust:\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup butter\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/3 cup sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup all-purpose flour\
{\listtext	\'95	}For the cream filling:\
{\listtext	\'95	}8 ounces cream cheese, softened\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup sugar\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\qj
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 egg\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract\
{\listtext	\'95	}For the top:\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 apples, peeled and thinly sliced\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon cinnamon\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup slivered almonds or chopped walnuts\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa340\qj

\b \cf0 NOTES\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\qj

\b0 \cf3 If you want to put on a glaze, I'd use apricot jelly, but thin it out with a little water first because you're working on a bumpy surface with those nuts.
\b\fs54 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\qj
\cf0 DIRECTIONS\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa160\qj

\b0\fs50 \cf3 Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. \uc0\u8232 \u8232 Make the crust: Cream the butter and sugar. Stir in the vanilla. Finally, mix in the flour to make a smooth dough. Alternately, put the butter, sugar, vanilla, and flour in the food processor and pulse to crumbs. Pour them into your pan and press into place. Press into the bottom of an 8-inch springform pan, giving it about a 1-inch rim. Bake 15 minute, or until lightly golden. Remove the tart shell from the oven. \u8232 \u8232 While the crust bakes, beat together the cream cheese, sugar, egg and vanilla for the cream filling until smooth. Make the topping by tossing the apple slices with the cinnamon, sugar, and nuts. \u8232 \u8232 Remove the tart shell from the oven. Spread over the cream mixture. Arrange the apple slices on top, and then scatter over the nuts. Bake until the apples are tender and golden, about 40 minutes.}