{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red76\green34\blue0;\red80\green80\blue80;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12760\viewh15220\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa100\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs46 \cf2 Easy Chocolate-Raspberry Tartlets
\fs42 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs30 \cf3 Makes 4 tartlets\
To make a large tart, roll out the dough and line a 9 1/2-inch tart pan. Freeze for 5 minutes, then prebake the crust in a 425\'b0F oven for 10 minutes. Let cool completely, then pour the filling into the shell and bake at 375\'b0F until set, about 25 minutes. Top with the raspberries and dust with confectioners\'92 sugar as directed.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\b \cf2 \

\fs42 Ingredients:\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural
\cf3 For the tart dough:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0 \cf3 		3 cups all-purpose flour\
		1/3 cup confectioners\'92 sugar\
		24 Tbs. (3 sticks) cold unsalted butter, cut into cubes\
		1/3 cup ice water\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\b \cf2 Directions:\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa240\ql\qnatural
\cf3 Make the dough
\b0 \uc0\u8232 In a food processor, combine the flour, confectioners\'92 sugar and butter and pulse until the mixture forms coarse crumbs about the size of peas. Add the water and process just until fine crumbs form. \u8232 \u8232 Transfer the dough to a work surface, divide into 3 equal pieces and press each into a flat disk. Set 1 disk aside and wrap the remaining 2 disks in plastic wrap for future use.\
Storage tip: The dough disks can be stored in the refrigerator for up to 3 days or in the freezer for up to 1 month. If freezing the disks, wrap in plastic wrap and place in heavy-duty sealable plastic bags; thaw overnight in the refrigerator before using. Or, roll out the dough and line a tart pan, place the pan in a plastic bag, and refrigerate or freeze until needed.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\b \cf2 Ingredients:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\b0 \cf3 		1 tart dough disk (see recipe above), at cool room temperature\
		4 Tbs. (1/2 stick) unsalted butter\
		6 oz. finely chopped bittersweet chocolate\
		1 tsp. brewed double-strength coffee or espresso\
		3 eggs\
		2/3 cup granulated sugar\
		1 tsp. vanilla extract\
		1 1/3 cups raspberries\
		Confectioners\'92 sugar for dusting\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\b \cf2 Directions:\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa240\ql\qnatural
\cf3 Partially bake the tartlet shells
\b0 \uc0\u8232 Preheat an oven to 425\'b0F. \u8232 \u8232 Divide the dough disk into 4 equal pieces. Pat each piece evenly into the bottom and up the sides of a 4 1/2-inch tartlet pan with a removable bottom. Freeze for 5 minutes. \u8232 \u8232 Place the pans on a baking sheet and bake until very lightly browned, about 5 minutes. Transfer the baking sheet to a wire rack and let the pans cool on the sheet. Reduce the oven temperature to 375\'b0F. \u8232 \u8232 
\b Prepare the filling
\b0 \uc0\u8232 In a saucepan over low heat, combine the butter, chocolate and coffee and heat, stirring, until melted and thoroughly blended, about 3 minutes. In a bowl, whisk the eggs until blended. Gradually whisk in the granulated sugar. Stir in the chocolate mixture and vanilla. Pour the filling into the partially baked tart shells, dividing it evenly. \u8232 \u8232 
\b Bake the tartlets
\b0 \uc0\u8232 Bake the tartlets until the filling is set, about 15 minutes. Transfer the tartlets to a wire rack and let cool. Arrange the raspberries on top of the filling. Dust the tartlets with confectioners\'92 sugar shaken through a sieve. Remove the pan rims, slide the tarts from the pan bottoms onto 4 plates and serve. \u8232 \u8232 \
\
\
}