{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red76\green34\blue0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15540\viewh17020\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs62 \cf2 Flourless Chocolate Torte Chocolate Glaze
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \
MAKES ONE 8-INCH CAKE 0R 10 SERVINGS\
\

\fs44 10 ounces bittersweet chocolate, finely chopped\
3/4  cup unsalted butter, cut into 6 pieces, plus extra for greasing\
5 large egg yolks\
1/4 cup plus 2 T. sugar\
1 T. dark rum or brewed espresso (optional)\
1 t. vanilla extract\
Pinch of salt\
3 large egg whites, at room temperature\
Chocolate Glaze (recipe below)\
\
Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F.  Grease the bottom of an 8-inch round cake pan and line it with parchment paper. Grease the paper and the sides of the pan, then dust with cocoa powder. \
\
In the top of a double boiler, combine the chocolate and 3/4 cup butter. Set over simmering water and melt, then whisk until well blended. Set aside to cool slightly.\
In a large bowl, with a mixer set on medium-high speed, beat together the egg yolks,1/4 cup sugar, dark rum, vanilla, and salt until pale and very thick. Gradually pour in the chocolate mixture and continue beating until well blended.\
\
In a deep, clean bowl, using a mixer on medium-high speed, beat the egg whites until foamy. Gradually add the remaining sugar and continue to beat until medium-firm peaks form. Scoop half of the egg whites on to the chocolate mixture and fold them in gently. Fold in the remaining whites just until no streaks remain.\
\
Pour the batter into the prepared pan and spread it out evenly. Bake the torte until it puffs slightly and a toothpick inserted into the center comes our very moist but not liquid, about 35 minutes. Do not overcook. Let cool on a rack for 30 minutes.\
\
Run a small knife around the inside of the pan to loosen the cake, then invert onto a flat plate. Lift off the pan and carefully peel off the parchment paper. Let cool completely. Cover and refrigerate until very cold, at least 4 hours or up to overnight.\
\
Glaze the cake with the chocolate glaze (recipe below), then refrigerate again until firm, at least 2 hours. Transfer to a flat serving plate. Using a thin-bladed knife, cut into small slices, dipping the knife into hot water and wiping it dry before each cut.\
\

\f0\fs62 \cf2 Chocolate Glaze
\f1\b\fs48 \cf0 \

\b0\fs40 To make the chocolate glaze, combine 1/2 cup of butter, cut in 4 pieces, and 8 oz. chopped bittersweet chocolate in the top of a double boiler. Set over barely simmering water and melt, then whisk until blended. Remove from the heat and whisk in 2 tablespoons light corn syrup until smooth and glossy. Set the cold cake on a wire rack over a large plate or baking sheet. Slowly pour the warm glaze over the center of the cake. The glaze should cover the surface evenly, spilling over the edges and running down the sides, the excess falling onto the plate below.
\fs44 \
\
\
\
 }