{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16460\viewh21320\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs58 \cf0 Free-Form Blueberry Tart
\b0\fs50 \

\fs38 8 servings\
\

\fs44 PASTRY\
1 1/2    C.  all-purpose flour, plus more for sprinkling\
1          T.   minced candied geinger\
1/4        t.   salt \
1 1/2          sticks cold unsalted butter, cut into small pieces\
1/4        C. plus 1 T. ice water \
\
FILLING\
1/4        C.  sugar, plus more for sprinkling\
2           t.    finely grated lemon zest\
1/4        C.  all-purpose flour\
4           C.  blueberries\
2           T.   fresh lemon juice\
1                 egg white, beaten\

\fs38 \

\fs44 1.  
\b PREPARE THE PASTRY
\b0   In a food processor, combine the 1 1/2 cups of flour with the candied ginger and salt and pulse until it is the size of small peas.  Sprinkle on the ice water and pulse just until the pastry starts to come together.  Turn the pastry out onto a lightly floured work surface and pat it into a disk.  Wrap in plastic and refrigerate for 2 hours, or until firm.\
2.  Line a large baking sheet with parchment paper.  On a lightly floured work surface, roll out the pastry to a 14-inch round about 1/8-inch thick.  Fold the pastry in half and transfer it to the prepared baking sheet.  Unfold the pastry and refrigerate for 15 minutes.\
3.  
\b MAKE THE FILLING
\b0   Preheat the oven to 375 degrees.  In a large bowl, mix 1/4 cup of sugar with the lemon zest and flour.  Fold in the blueberries and lemon juice and let stand for 15 minutes.\
4.  Spoon the blueberries in the center of the pastry, leaving a 1 1/2-inch border all around.  Fold the pastry up and over the blueberries, pleating it as necessary.  Brush the egg white on the pastry and sprinkle with sugar.  Bake for about 55 minutes, until the pastry is golden brown and the filling starts to bubble.  \
Transfer the baking sheet to a rack and let the tart cool to warm.  Cut into wedges and serve warm or room temperature.\

\b\fs36 SERVE WITH
\b0\fs44   Lemon or vanilla ice cream. \

\b\fs34 MAKE AHEAD
\b0\fs44   The pastry can be refrigerated for up to 2 days.\
 }