{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14860\viewh18620\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl500\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs46 \cf0 French Apple Tart
\f1\b0\fs26 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260\ql\qnatural

\b \cf2 Serves: 
\b0 \cf0 6 servings\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs30 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs42 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 For the pastry:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl420\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs40 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}2 cups all-purpose flour\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/salt/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 kosher salt}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}12 tablespoons (11/2 sticks) cold unsalted butter, diced\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup ice water\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs42 \cf0 For the apples:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl420\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs40 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}4 Granny Smith apples\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sugar/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 sugar}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 tablespoons (1/2 stick) cold unsalted butter, small diced\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/apricot/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 apricot}} jelly or warm sieved apricot {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/jam/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 jam}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons Calvados, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/rum/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 rum}}, or water\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs42 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs40 \cf0 For the pastry, place the flour, salt, and sugar in the bowl of a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/food-processor/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 food processor}} fitted with the steel blade. Pulse for a few seconds to combine. Add the butter and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/pulse/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 pulse}} 10 to 12 times, until the butter is in small bits the size of peas. With the motor running, pour the ice water down the feed tube and pulse just until the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/dough/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 dough}} starts to come together. Dump onto a floured board and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/knead/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 knead}} quickly into a ball. Wrap in plastic and refrigerate for at least 1 hour.\
Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Line a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sheet-pan/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 sheet pan}} with parchment paper.\
Roll the dough slightly larger than 10 by 14-inches. Using a ruler and a small knife, trim the edges. Place the dough on the prepared sheet pan and refrigerate while you prepare the apples.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa140\ql\qnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/peel/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Peel}} the apples and cut them in half through the stem. Remove the stems and cores with a sharp knife and a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/melon/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 melon}} baler. Slice the apples crosswise in 1/4-inch thick slices. Place overlapping slices of apples diagonally down the middle of the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/tart/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 tart}} and continue making diagonal rows on both sides of the first row until the pastry is covered with {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/apple/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 apple}} slices. (I tend not to use the apple ends in order to make the arrangement beautiful.) Sprinkle with the full 1/2 cup of sugar and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/dot/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 dot}} with the butter.\
Bake for 45 minutes to 1 hour, until the pastry is browned and the edges of the apples start to brown. Rotate the pan once during cooking. If the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/pastry/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 pastry}} puffs up in one area, cut a little slit with a knife to let the air out. Don't worry! The apple juices will burn in the pan but the tart will be fine! When the tart's done, heat the apricot jelly together with the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/calvados/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Calvados}} and brush the apples and the pastry completely with the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/jelly/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 jelly}} mixture. Loosen the tart with a metal {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/spatula/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 spatula}} so it doesn't stick to the paper. Allow to cool and serve warm or at room temperature.\
}