{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red84\green84\blue84;\red51\green51\blue51;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16880\viewh18100\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl520\sa80\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs68 \cf0 Fresh Blueberry Tart\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\fs38 \cf2 Yield:  \cf0 1 (9-inch/23-cm) tart shell\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\ql\qnatural

\fs52 \cf0 INGREDIENTS\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0\fs48 \cf0 Pastry\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup (1 stick) unsalted butter\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons granulated sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 egg yolks\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup flour\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 egg white\
Filling\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}8 ounces/225 g high quality cream cheese, softened\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup/55 g sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup/60 ml creme fraiche or sour cream\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 cups fresh blueberries\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup/60 ml water\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup/55 g sugar, more if needed\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons cornstarch, dissolved in 2 tablespoons water\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\ql\qnatural

\b\fs52 \cf0 DIRECTIONS \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa160\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs48 \cf3 Heat the oven to 400 degrees F. \uc0\u8232 For the pastry: Cream together the butter and sugar. Beat in the egg yolks. Quickly add the flour and mix just to incorporate. Wrap the dough in plastic and chill one hour. Roll out and line a 9-inch/23 cm-tart shell or ring. Wrap again and chill. Line the shell with foil, then pour in the beans right to the rim. Bake 20 minutes. Remove the beans and foil and return to the oven until lightly golden and completely cooked. Pull from the oven and paint the base with a little whisked egg white to seal the base. \u8232 For the filling: Cream the cheese with the sugar, then beat in the creme fraiche and vanilla. Spread the mixture in the base of the cooked shell once it has cooled. \u8232 Put 1 cup of the blueberries in a saucepan with 1/4 cup/60 ml water, the sugar, and the cornstarch. Bring to a boil and simmer until juicy and thick. Pour over the remaining berries in a bowl and toss to coat. Spread over the cream base and let set. Serve.
\b\fs52 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl520\sa80\ql\qnatural

\fs66 \cf0 Tart Crust
\b0\fs48 \cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f1\b\fs52 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls3\ilvl0
\f0\b0\fs50 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup confectioners' sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 sticks unsalted butter, softened and sliced\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f1\b\fs52 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b0\fs50 \cf0 Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.\
For the crust: In a food processor, combine the confectioners' sugar, flour, and butter, and process until the mixture forms a ball. With your fingers, press the dough into a 12-inch tart pan with a removable bottom, taking care to push the crust into the indentations in the sides. Pat until the crust is even. Bake for 10 to 12 minutes, until very lightly browned. Set aside to cool.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\ql\qnatural

\fs48 \cf3 \
}