{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red117\green117\blue117;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13400\viewh15140\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa260\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs70 \cf2 \ul \ulc2 Fresh Fruit Tart with Vanilla Pastry Cream\

\b0\fs56 \ulnone \uc0\u8232 
\i Ingredients:
\i0 \uc0\u8232 For the tart dough:\u8232 1 large egg yolk\u8232 1 tbsp. heavy cream\u8232 1/2 tsp. vanilla extract\u8232 1 1/4 cups all-purpose flour, plus more for dusting the work surface\u8232 2/3 cup confectioners\'92 sugar\u8232 1/4 tsp. salt\u8232 8 tbsp. cold unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes\
For the pastry cream:\uc0\u8232 2 cups half-and-half\u8232 1/2 cup sugar\u8232 Pinch salt\u8232 5 large egg yolks\u8232 3 tbsp. cornstarch\u8232 4 tbsp. cold unsalted butter, cut into 4 pieces\u8232 1 1/2 tsp. vanilla extract\
For the topping:\uc0\u8232 2 large kiwis, peeled, halved lengthwise and sliced\u8232 6-9 oz. raspberries\u8232 1/2-1 cup blueberries\u8232 Apple jelly, for glazing\

\i Directions:
\i0 \uc0\u8232 To make the tart shell, whisk together the egg yolk, cream and vanilla in a small bowl; set aside. \'a0Place the flour, sugar, and salt in a food processor. \'a0Process briefly to combine. \'a0Scatter the butter pieces over the flour mixture; process to cut the butter into the flour until the mixture resembles coarse meal, about fifteen 1-second pulses. \'a0With the machine running, add the egg mixture and process until the dough just comes together, about 12 seconds. \'a0Turn the dough onto a sheet of plastic wrap and press into a 6-inch dish. \'a0Wrap in plastic wrap and refrigerate at least 1 hour or up to 48 hours.\'a0\
Remove the dough from the refrigerator. \'a0(If refrigerated for more than an hour, let stand at room temperature until malleable.) \'a0Unwrap and roll the dough out on a lightly floured surface to a 13-inch round. \'a0Transfer the dough to a 9-inch tart pan. \'a0Mold the dough to the sides of the tart pan and remove the excess off the top. \'a0Set the dough-lined tart pan on a large plate and freeze for 30 minutes. \'a0\
Meanwhile, adjust an oven rack to middle position. \'a0Preheat the oven to 375\'b0 F. \'a0Set the dough-lined tart pan on a baking sheet, press a 12-inch square of foil into the frozen shell and over the edge, and fill with pie weights. \'a0Bake for 30 minutes, rotating halfway through the baking time. \'a0Remove from the oven and carefully remove the foil and weights. \'a0Continue to bake until deep golden brown, 5-8 minutes longer. \'a0Transfer to a wire rack to cool.\'a0\
To make the pastry cream, heat the half-and-half, 6 tablespoons of the sugar, and the salt in a saucepan over medium-high heat until simmering, stirring occasionally to dissolve the sugar. \'a0Meanwhile, combine the egg yolks and remaining 2 tablespoons sugar in a medium bowl and whisk until the sugar has begun to dissolve and the mixture is creamy, about 15 seconds. \'a0Whisk in the cornstarch until combined and the mixture is pale yellow and thick, about 30 seconds.\
When the half-and-half mixture has reached a simmer, slowly add it to the egg yolk mixture to temper, whisking constantly. \'a0Return the mixture to the saucepan, scraping the bowl with a rubber spatula. \'a0Return the mixture to a simmer over medium heat, whisking constantly, until a few bubbles burst on the surface and the mixture is thickened and glossy, about 30 seconds. \'a0Off the heat, whisk in the butter and vanilla. \'a0Strain the pastry cream through a \'a0fine mesh sieve set over a medium bowl. \'a0Press plastic wrap directly on the surface to prevent a skin from forming and refrigerate until cold and set, at least 3 hours and up to 2 days.\
To assemble the tart, spread the cold pastry cream evenly over the bottom of the tart shell. \'a0Arrange the fruit on top of the pastry cream as desired. \'a0Heat the jelly in the microwave for 20-30 seconds, just until slightly melted and easy to stir. \'a0Using a pastry brush, paint a light layer of jelly over the fresh fruit. \'a0Serve.\
}