{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red100\green100\blue100;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15420\viewh18320\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf2 Gingersnap-Crusted Lemon Tart with Fresh Berries
\b0  \

\fs34 Makes 1 9\'94 tart
\fs44  \
\

\b INGREDIENTS
\b0  \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural

\i \cf2 Gingersnap Crust
\i0  \
gingersnap cookies (about 38 cookies)\
2 tablespoons sugar \
1/3 cup butter, melted \
\

\i Lemon Tart with Fresh Berries
\i0  \
1 cup sugar \
1 cup milk \
3 egg yolks \
Juice of 2 lemons (1/2 cup) \
3 1/2 tablespoons cornstarch \
1 tablespoon butter, chilled \
1/4 cup sour cream \
Fresh berries, for garnish \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural

\b \cf2 INSTRUCTIONS
\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl360\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	1.	}Preheat oven to 350\'b0F. In the bowl of a food processor, combine cookies and sugar, then pulse until fine crumbs are made. Add butter and pulse until moist clumps form. Press mixture into the bottom and up the sides of a 9\'94 tart pan with a removable bottom. Bake until golden, about 8 minutes. Set aside to cool.\
{\listtext	2.	}In a heavy, medium-sized saucepan, whisk together sugar, milk, egg yolks, lemon juice and cornstarch. Cook over medium heat, stirring, until mixture becomes thick and yellow. Remove from heat and stir in butter. Let cool slightly, then add sour cream.\
{\listtext	3.	}Transfer filling to cooled crust and chill at least 4 hours before serving. Garnish with fresh berries. For smooth-edged slices, carefully wipe the knife clean with a damp paper towel between cuts.\
   }