{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red51\green51\blue51;\red4\green4\blue4;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid4}
{\list\listtemplateid5\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid5}
{\list\listtemplateid6\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid6}
{\list\listtemplateid7\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid7}
{\list\listtemplateid8\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid8}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}{\listoverride\listid5\listoverridecount0\ls5}{\listoverride\listid6\listoverridecount0\ls6}{\listoverride\listid7\listoverridecount0\ls7}{\listoverride\listid8\listoverridecount0\ls8}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17800\viewh21320\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa120\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs54 \cf2 Key Lime Meringue Tart\

\f1\i\fs44 \cf0 The finished pie needs to chill for at least an hour before serving. See our tips (below) on making perfect lime curd. 
\f0\fs66 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\ql\qnatural

\f1\i0\b\fs44 \cf3 INGREDIENTS
\f0\b0\fs60 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural

\f1\b\fs50 \cf0 Key Lime Curd\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl300\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0\fs46 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}3 large eggs\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 large egg yolks\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/3 cup fresh Key lime juice (from about 18 limes) or regular fresh lime juice\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 teaspoon coarse kosher salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup (1 stick) unsalted butter, cut into 1/4-inch cubes\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural

\b\fs50 \cf0 Crust\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl300\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\b0\fs46 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}6 tablespoons (3/4 stick) unsalted butter, room temperature\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 ounces chilled cream cheese, cut into 1/2-inch cubes\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}3/4 cup unbleached all purpose flour\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 teaspoon coarse kosher salt\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural

\b\fs50 \cf0 Meringue\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl300\ql\qnatural
\ls3\ilvl0
\b0\fs46 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}4 large egg whites, room temperature\
{\listtext	\'95	}2/3 cup sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup powdered sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon vanilla extract\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 teaspoon coarse kosher salt\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural

\b\fs50 \cf0 Special Equipment\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl300\ql\qnatural
\ls4\ilvl0
\b0\fs46 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}9-inch-diameter tart pan with removable bottom\
{\listtext	\'95	}Kitchen torch\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\ql\qnatural

\b\fs44 \cf3 PREPARATION
\fs50 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Key Lime Curd\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl300\ql\qnatural
\ls5\ilvl0
\b0\fs46 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}Whisk eggs, yolks, sugar, lime juice, lemon juice, and coarse salt in medium metal bowl. Set bowl over medium saucepan of simmering water (do not allow bottom of bowl to touch water). Whisk constantly until curd thickens slightly and instant-read thermometer inserted into curd registers 140\'b0F for 3 minutes, 5 to 6 minutes total (do not allow to boil). Remove bowl from over water. Gradually whisk butter into curd a few cubes at a time until smooth, allowing butter cubes to melt before adding more. Strain curd through fine sieve set over small bowl. Press plastic wrap directly onto surface of curd and chill overnight. 
\b DO AHEAD
\i\b0  Lime curd can be made 2 days ahead. Keep chilled.
\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural

\b\fs50 \cf0 Crust\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl300\ql\qnatural
\ls6\ilvl0
\b0\fs46 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}Using electric mixer, beat butter, cream cheese, and sugar in medium bowl until smooth. Add flour and salt and beat just until blended. Gather dough into ball; flatten into disk. Wrap in plastic and chill at least 1 hour. 
\b DO AHEAD
\i\b0  Can be made 1 day ahead. Keep chilled. Soften slightly at room temperature before rolling out.
\i0 \
{\listtext	\'95	}Preheat oven to 375\'b0F. Roll out dough on lightly floured work surface to 11- to 12-inch round. Transfer to 9-inch tart pan with removable bottom. Press dough onto bottom and up sides of pan. Trim dough overhang to 1/2 inch, then fold overhang in, forming double-thick sides extending \'bc inch above sides of pan. Pierce crust all over with fork. Freeze crust 20 minutes. \
{\listtext	\'95	}Line crust with foil; fill with dried beans or pie weights. Bake until crust is set, about 25 minutes. Remove foil and beans. Continue to bake until crust is golden and cooked through, about 20 minutes longer. Cool crust completely in pan on rack. \
{\listtext	\'95	}Spread curd evenly in baked crust. Chill while making meringue.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural

\b\fs50 \cf0 Meringue\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl300\ql\qnatural
\ls7\ilvl0
\b0\fs46 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}Using electric mixer, beat egg whites in large bowl on medium speed until foamy. Increase speed to medium-high and beat until soft peaks form. Gradually add sugar and powdered sugar 1 tablespoon at a time; beat until meringue is very thick and glossy, about 5 minutes. Beat in vanilla and coarse kosher salt. \
{\listtext	\'95	}Spoon meringue in dollops atop curd, then spread and swirl decoratively with table knife. Using kitchen torch, brown meringue in spots, creating white and golden peaks and valleys. Chill uncovered at least 1 hour before serving. 
\b DO AHEAD
\i\b0  Can be made 4 hours ahead. Keep chilled. 
\i0 \
{\listtext	\'95	}Remove sides from tart pan. Place tart on platter and serve.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural

\b\fs50 \cf0 Test Kitchen Note
\b0\fs46 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl300\ql\qnatural
\ls8\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}Measure the flour by dipping the cup measure into the flour bin or sack, then level it off with a knife. Do not use a liquid measuring cup, which will not give you an accurate measure.\
{\listtext	\'95	}Be sure to use 3 ounces of cream cheese\'97the cream cheese makes the dough very easy to work with and to roll out. \
{\listtext	\'95	}Be sure to chill the dough at least 1 hour before rolling out. If necessary, soften the dough slightly at room temperature just before rolling out.\
{\listtext	\'95	}Be sure to use a 9-inch-diameter tart pan with 1-inch-high sides and removable bottom; there should be enough dough for this size pan. \
{\listtext	\'95	}Roll out the dough on a floured surface, starting at the center of the dough and rolling towards edges, a sprinkling of flour atop the dough when rolling works well too if difficult or slightly sticky. To transfer dough to a pan, fold dough in half and unfold in the pan, then ease it into pan by pressing onto the bottom and the sides\'97there is enough of a crust overhang to trim or you can just fold in sides and press to form the double-thick sides. Then pierce the dough all over with fork and be sure to freeze crust 20 minutes.\
{\listtext	\'95	}Bake the crust in the center of the oven until the crust is set, which does take about 25 minutes (it does take this long because the crust is almost frozen). Once the foil and beans are removed, the crust needs to bake until it is fully cooked through, since it will be filled with the curd (which is very moist). In our calibrated oven it baked for 17 to 18 minutes during a second testing instead of the 20 minutes\'97it can vary slightly in different ovens and may bake faster is smaller ovens.\
{\listtext	\'95	}It's okay if the curd does not come all the way up to the edges of the crust since the meringue then goes on top. \
{\listtext	\'95	}If all else fails, it's okay to use 1 cup of flour instead of 3/4 cup - It will not hurt the crust! \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa120\ql\qnatural

\b\fs48 \cf0 How to Make Key Lime Curd 
\b0\fs30 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\ql\qnatural

\f2\fs48 \cf0 Here are the crucial steps for making perfect curd. First, whisk the eggs, egg yolks, sugar, Key lime juice, lemon juice, and coarse salt in a small metal bowl to blend. Then:\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\ql\qnatural
\cf0 1. Set the bowl over a pan of simmering water (don't let the bottom of the bowl touch the water).\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\ql\qnatural
\cf0 2. Whisk until the curd thickens and an instant-read thermometer registers 140\'b0F for 3 minutes. Whisk constantly to keep the curd from curdling. Don't let it boil.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\ql\qnatural
\cf0 3. Remove the bowl from over the water. Whisk in the butter a few cubes at a time, allowing it to melt completely before adding more.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\ql\qnatural
\cf0 4. Strain the lime curd through a fine sieve and continue with the tart recipe as directed.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \

\fs30 \
\pard\tx560\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\f1 \cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\
\
}