{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 Papyrus;\f4\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;\f5\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red158\green49\blue0;\red255\green99\blue0;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww18580\viewh20740\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\sa280\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs54 \cf0 Key Lime Tart
\f1\fs42 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs32 \cf0 Yield  
\b0\fs34 Serves 8\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa260\ql\qnatural

\f2\fs50 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sl320\sa120\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl1
\f1\fs42 \cf0 		9 to 10 graham crackers (each 2 1/2 by 5 inches)\
		2 tablespoons plus 1/2 cup sugar\
		4 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted\
		1 can (14 ounces) sweetened condensed milk\
		3/4 cup fresh lime juice (from 4 to 6 limes), or fresh or bottled key-lime juice\
		4 large egg yolks\
		Pinch salt\
		Slivered lime zest, for garnish (optional)\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\sa120\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 		\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa260\ql\qnatural

\f2\fs50 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\sa360\ql\qnatural
\ls3\ilvl0
\f1\fs42 \cf0 		Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Process graham crackers and 2 tablespoons sugar in a food processor until fine crumbs form; add butter. Process until combined. Transfer mixture to a 9-inch tart pan with a removable bottom; pat into bottom and up sides. Place pan on a baking sheet, and bake until crust is fragrant and slightly colored, about 10 minutes.\
		Meanwhile, in a medium bowl, combine condensed milk, lime juice, egg yolks, remaining 1/2 cup sugar, and salt; whisk until smooth. Pour mixture into crust (warm or cool is fine), leaving 1/8 inch at the top; return to oven. Bake until filling is set around edge but still slightly loose in center, 20 to 25 minutes.\
		Cool completely at room temperature; then refrigerate until chilled, at least 2 hours. Serve, garnished with zest, if desired.\
		May substitute Gingersnap Cookie Crust (below) for Graham Cracker Crust.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\ql\qnatural
\ls3\ilvl0
\f3\fs52 \cf2 Gingersnap Cookie Crust                                                \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
\ls3\ilvl0
\f4\b\fs40 \cf3 Ingredients:
\f5\b0\fs46 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li960\ql\qnatural
\ls3\ilvl0
\f4\fs40 \cf0 1\'bd cups Gingersnap Cookie crumbs
\f5\fs46 \
\ls3\ilvl0
\f4\fs40 \'bc cup granulated sugar
\f5\fs46 \
\ls3\ilvl0
\f4\fs40 1/3 cup unsalted butter, melted
\f5\fs46 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
\ls3\ilvl0
\f4\b\fs40 \cf3 Directions:
\f5\b0\fs46 \cf0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li1100\fi-1100\ql\qnatural
\ls3\ilvl0
\f4\fs40 \cf0 Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. In\
medium mixing bowl, combine                                   \
Gingersnap crumbs, sugar, and melted\
butter. Stir until thoroughly mixed and\
mixture is crumbly.\
Pour the Gingersnap crumb mixture\
into a 9 inch pie pan. Using the back of\
a large spoon or the flat bottom of a\
measuring cup or drinking glass, press\
the crumb mixture firmly and evenly across\
the bottom and against the sides of the pie pan.\
Bake 10 minutes. The edges may be just\
slightly browned, but you do not want the\
edges or crust to over-brown. Remove from\
oven. \uc0\u8232 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\ls3\ilvl0
\f1\b\fs44 \cf0 Dark Chocolate Ganache\
\ls3\ilvl0
\b0        3 ounces bittersweet or semi-sweet chocolate, chopped\
      1/2 Tablespoon butter\
      1/3 cup heavy cream\
\
Place chopped chocolate and butter in a small glass bowl.\
Heat cream over medium heat in a small saucepan until just beginning to bubble.  Pour the cream over chocolate and whisk to combine.  Pour ganache into bottom of graham cracker crust and allow to sit for a few minutes.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li1100\fi-1100\ql\qnatural
\ls3\ilvl0
\f4\fs40 \cf0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\sa360\ql\qnatural
\ls3\ilvl0
\f1\fs42 \cf0 \
}