{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red60\green60\blue60;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14460\viewh20400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl640\qc

\f0\fs70 \cf0 Lemon Curd Mousse Tart
\b\fs50 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa440\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs54 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa440\ql\qnatural

\i \cf2 Ingredients:\
Crust: \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa440\ql\qnatural

\i0 \cf2 1/2 cup confectioners' sugar                                                                                1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour                                                                              1 1/2 sticks unsalted butter, softened and sliced
\i \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 Mousse:
\i0 \
2 egg yolks\
1 whole egg
\f1 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0 6 tbsp sugar
\f1 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0 1/3 cup fresh lemon juice
\f1 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0 1 tsp finely grated lemon zest
\f1 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0 5 tbsp unsalted butter, cut into 10 pieces
\f1 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0 1 cup heavy cream\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa440\ql\qnatural
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa440\ql\qnatural

\i \cf2 Directions:\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa440\ql\qnatural

\i0 \cf2 In a food processor, combine the confectioners' sugar, flour, and butter and process until the mixture forms a ball. Press the dough into a 12-inch tart pan with a removable bottom, taking care to push the crust into the indentation in the sides. Pat until the crust is even. Bake 10 to 12 minutes, until very lightly browned. Set aside to cool.
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 In a medium metal bowl combine the yolks, egg, sugar, juice and zest and mix until well incorporated. Set the bowl over a double boiler and whisk constantly for 10-12 minutes. The mixture will turn into a soft yellow color and become thick. Once thickened, remove from the double boiler and stir in the butter a little at a time. Set aside. In a mixer, whip the heavy cream to stiff peaks. Fold the curd into the whipped cream until evenly incorporated. Fill the tart shell and top with mixed berries.\
}