{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red61\green61\blue61;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14860\viewh15980\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri1000\sl500\sa80\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs56 \cf2 Lemon Curd Tart
\fs50 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl460\sa180\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs46 \cf2 Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F
\f0\b\fs58 \cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\sa80\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs44 \cf2 For the tart shell:
\f0\fs50 \cf0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl420\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs48 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup confectioners' sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 sticks unsalted butter, softened and sliced
\f0\b\fs50 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs48 \cf0 In a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/food-processor/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 food processor}}, combine the confectioners' sugar, flour, and butter, and process until the mixture forms a ball. With your fingers, press the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/dough/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 dough}} into a 12-inch {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/tart-pan/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 tart pan}} with a removable bottom, taking care to push the crust into the indentations in the sides. Pat until the crust is even. Bake for 10 to 12 minutes, until very lightly browned. Set aside to cool.
\f0\b\fs52 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\sa80\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs46 \cf2 For the lemon curd:
\f0\fs48 \cf0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl420\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs46 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}3 lemons\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 cups {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sugar/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 sugar}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 pound unsalted butter, room temperature\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 extra-large eggs\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup lemon juice (3 to 4 lemons)\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/8 teaspoon {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/salt/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 kosher salt}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs46 \cf0 Using a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/carrot/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 carrot}} peeler, remove the zest of 3 lemons, being careful to avoid the white pith. Put the zest in a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/food-processor/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 food processor}} fitted with the steel blade. Add the sugar and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/pulse/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 pulse}} until the zest is very finely minced into the sugar.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa140\ql\qnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cream/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 Cream}} the butter and beat in the sugar and lemon mixture. Add the eggs, 1 at a time, and then add the lemon juice and salt. Mix until combined.\
Pour the mixture into a 2 quart {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/saucepan/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 saucepan}} and cook over low heat until thickened (about 10 minutes), stirring constantly. The lemon curd will thicken at about 170 degrees F, or just below {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/simmer/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 simmer}}. Remove from the heat and cool or refrigerate.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa180\ql\qnatural
\cf2 Fill the tart shell with warm lemon curd and allow to set at room temperature.\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
}