{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16360\viewh17140\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Lemon Custard Tart with Blueberry Topping\

\b0\fs30 Serves:  8\

\b\fs40 \

\b0 Crust:\
     
\fs32 1/2
\fs38        c.  confectioners sugar
\fs36 \
      1 1/2   c. all-purpose flour\
      1 1/2   sticks unsalted butter, softened and sliced\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs38 \cf0 In a food processor, combine the confectioners' sugar, flour, and butter, and process until the mixture forms a ball. With your fingers, press the dough into a 10-inch tart pan with a removable bottom, taking care to push the crust into the indentations in the sides. Pat until the crust is even. Bake for 10 to 12 minutes, until very lightly browned. Set aside to cool.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs36 \cf0  
\fs40 \
Custard:\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\fs34 \cf0      10     T.  sugar\
       4          egg yolks, room temperature\
       6     T.  fresh lemon juice\
      1/4   c.  unsalted butter, cut into pieces\
      2      t.   finely grated lemon peel\
      Pinch of salt\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\b\fs40 \cf0 \

\b0 In a medium bowl,beat sugar and yolks until well blended.  Transfer to a saucepan and add lemon juice, butter and salt.  Stir over medium-low heat\
for about 8 minutes, until mixture coats back of spoon; do not boil.  \
Remove from heat and stir in lemon peel.  Pour into cooled tart crust and refrigerate for at least 1 hour.\
\
Blueberry Topping:
\b \

\b0       1/3      c.  sugar\
      1         T   cornstarch\
      1/2      c.  water\
      1 1/2   t.  fresh lemon juice\
      3         c.  blueberries\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\b\fs42 \cf0 \

\b0 Combine sugar and cornstarch.  Mix in water and lemon juice.  Stir over medium heat and bring to full, rolling boil.  Cook until mixture thickens and turns translucent.  Remove from heat.  Mix in blueberries.  Spread over custard. Refrigerate at least 30 minutes before serving.\

\fs34 \
}