{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red76\green34\blue0;\red80\green80\blue80;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15660\viewh17140\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa100\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs62 \cf2 Lemon Tart with Raspberries
\fs48 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs36 \cf3 Serves 8\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\b\fs42 \cf2 Ingredients:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0 \cf3 		1 butter cookie dough disk or graham cracker crust ( recipes below), at cool room temperature\
		2 eggs\
		2/3 cup sugar\
		12 oz. cream cheese, at room temperature\
		1/2 cup sour cream\
		2 tsp. finely grated lemon zest\
		Juice of 1 lemon\
		2 Tbs. all-purpose flour\
		1 tsp. vanilla extract\
		1 carton fresh raspberries, about 6 oz.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\b \cf2 Directions:\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa240\ql\qnatural
\cf3 Partially bake the crust
\b0 \uc0\u8232 Put the dough disk between 2 large sheets of parchment paper and roll out into a 12-inch round about 1/4 inch thick. Fold the dough round in half and transfer to a 10 1/2-inch tart pan with a removable bottom. Unfold the round and ease it into the pan, patting it firmly into the bottom and up the sides. Trim the edges to form a 1/2-inch overhang. Fold the overhang back over itself and press it into the sides of the pan. Freeze for at least 30 minutes or up to overnight. \u8232 Preheat an oven to 375\'b0F. \u8232 Line the crust with aluminum foil and fill with pie weights. Place the pan on a baking sheet and bake for 10 minutes. Remove the foil and weights and continue to bake until the crust is set and lightly golden, about 5 minutes. Transfer the pan to a wire rack and reduce the oven temperature to 350\'b0F. \u8232 
\b Mix the filling
\b0 \uc0\u8232 In a food processor, combine the eggs and sugar and process until smooth, about 1 minute. Add the cream cheese, pulse to break it up and then process until smooth, about 15 seconds. Add the sour cream, lemon zest, lemon juice, flour and vanilla and process just until smooth, about 20 seconds. Pour the filling into the partially baked crust. \u8232 
\b Bake the tart
\b0 \uc0\u8232 Bake until the top looks firm and is set when you gently shake the pan, about 35 minutes. Transfer the pan to a wire rack and let cool for about 1 hour. Remove the tart from the pan. Cover and refrigerate until cold, at least 3 hours or up to overnight. \u8232 Just before serving, arrange the raspberries on top of the tart. \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa100\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs54 \cf2 Butter Cookie Crust
\f1\b0\fs48 \cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\b\fs42 \cf2 Ingredients:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\b0 \cf3 		3 cups all-purpose flour, plus more as needed\
		2 1/4 cups cake flour\
		1 1/2 tsp. salt\
		2 1/4 cups (4 1/2 sticks) unsalted butter, at room temperature\
		1 1/2 cups confectioners\'92 sugar\
		1 Tbs. vanilla extract\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa240\ql\qnatural

\b \cf3 Make the dough
\b0 \uc0\u8232 Sift together the all-purpose flour, cake flour and salt into a bowl. \u8232 In a large bowl, using an electric mixer, beat together the butter, confectioners\'92 sugar and vanilla on low speed until smooth, about 1 minute. Add the flour mixture and beat just until a moist dough forms. Form the dough into 3 equal disks and wrap separately in plastic wrap. Refrigerate 1 disk until firm, about 45 minutes, and store the remaining 2 disks for future use (see note below). \
Storage tip: Store the dough disks, wrapped tightly in plastic wrap, in the refrigerator for up to 2 days or in the freezer for up to 1 month. Thaw in the refrigerator overnight and soften at room temperature. You may also roll out a disk, line a tart or pie pan, cover tightly with plastic wrap, and refrigerate overnight or freeze for up to 1 month. It can go directly from the freezer to an oven.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa100\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs54 \cf2 Cookie Crumb Crust
\f1\b0\fs32 \cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\b\fs42 \cf2 Ingredients:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\ql\qnatural
\ls3\ilvl0
\b0 \cf3 		1 1\uc0\u8260 4 cups cookie crumbs, such as graham\u8232 \'a0crackers, chocolate wafers or gingersnaps\
		5 Tbs. unsalted butter, melted\
		3 Tbs. sugar\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\b \cf2 Directions:\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf3 Preheat an oven to 350\'b0F. \
In a bowl, combine the cookie crumbs, butter and sugar and stir until the crumbs are well moistened. Pat the mixture firmly and evenly into the bottom and all the way up the sides of a 9-inch pie pan or dish.\
Bake until the crust is firm, about 5 minutes. For a firmer, crunchier crust, bake for 5 minutes more.\
Makes one 9-inch crust.\uc0\u8232 \
}