{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13960\viewh18340\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Lime Curd Tart\

\fs30 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Tart {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/shell/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Shell}}:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}3/4 cup unsalted butter at room temperature\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon pure {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/extracts/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 vanilla extract}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 3/4 cups all-purpose flour\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/pinch/index.html"}}{\fldrslt Pinch}}\cf0  salt\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Filling:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}4 limes at room temperature\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 cups sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 pound unsalted butter at room temperature\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 extra-large {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/eggs/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 eggs}} at room temperature\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/8 teaspoon salt\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.\
In the bowl of an electric {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/mixer/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 mixer}} fitted with a paddle attachment, mix the butter and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sugar/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 sugar}} together until they are just combined. Add the vanilla. In a medium bowl, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sift/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 sift}} together the flour and salt, then add them to the butter-and-sugar mixture. Mix on low speed until the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/dough/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 dough}} starts to come together. Dump onto a surface dusted with flour and shape into a flat disk. Press the dough into a 10-inch-round or 9-inch-square false-bottom {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/tart-pan/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 tart pan}}, making sure that the finished edge is flat. Chill until firm.\
Butter 1 side of a square of aluminum foil to fit inside the tart and place it, buttered side down, on the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/pastry/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 pastry}}. Fill with beans or {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/rice/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 rice}}. Bake for 20 minutes. Remove the foil and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/beans/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 beans}}, prick the tart all over with the tines of a fork, and bake again for 20 to 25 minutes more, or until lightly browned. Allow to cool to room temperature.\
Remove the zest of 4 limes with a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/vegetable-peeler/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 vegetable peeler}} or zester, being careful to avoid the white {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/pith/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 pith}}. Squeeze the limes to make 1/2 cup of juice and set the juice aside. Put the zest in a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/food-processor/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 food processor}} fitted with a steel blade. Add the sugar and process for 2 to 3 minutes, until the zest is very finely minced. In the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with a paddle attachment, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cream/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cream}} the butter with the sugar and lime zest. Add-- the eggs, 1 at a time, and then add the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/lime/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 lime}} juice and salt. Mix until combined.\
Pour the mixture into a 2-quart {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/saucepan/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 saucepan}} and cook over low heat, stirring constantly, until thickened, about 10 minutes. The lime curd will thicken at about 175 degrees F, or just below a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/simmer/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 simmer}}. Remove from the heat and set aside.\
Fill the tart shell with warm lime {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/curd/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 curd}} and allow to set at room temperature. Once set, serve immediately or refrigerate until ready to serve.\
\
}