{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;\red61\green61\blue61;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww19520\viewh20300\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Limoncello and Lemon Cream Fruit Tart\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs32 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 8 servings
\fs22 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs46 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs44 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 12-inch tart crust (recipe below)\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 ounces chilled limoncello {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/liqueur/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 liqueur}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup heavy cream\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/mascarpone/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 mascarpone}} cheese\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/3 cup lemon curd (recipe below)\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 pint raspberries\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 pint blackberries\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 teaspoons lemon zest\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs46 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural

\fs42 \cf0 Crust:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs46 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup confectioners' sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 sticks unsalted butter, softened and sliced\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.\
For the crust: In a food processor, combine the confectioners' sugar, flour, and butter, and process until the mixture forms a ball. With your fingers, press the dough into a 12-inch tart pan with a removable bottom, taking care to push the crust into the indentations in the sides. Pat until the crust is even. Bake for 10 to 12 minutes, until very lightly browned. Set aside to cool.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\sa80\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\b\fs44 \cf3 For the lemon curd:
\f0\fs46 \cf0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl420\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs44 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}3 lemons\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 cups {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sugar/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 sugar}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 pound unsalted butter, room temperature\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 extra-large eggs\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup lemon juice (3 to 4 lemons)\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/8 teaspoon {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/salt/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 kosher salt}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f0\b\fs46 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa140\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0 \cf0 Using a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/carrot/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 carrot}} peeler, remove the zest of 3 lemons, being careful to avoid the white pith. Put the zest in a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/food-processor/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 food processor}} fitted with the steel blade. Add the sugar and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/pulse/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 pulse}} until the zest is very finely minced into the sugar.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa140\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cream/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Cream}} the butter and beat in the sugar and lemon mixture. Add the eggs, 1 at a time, and then add the lemon juice and salt. Mix until combined.\
Pour the mixture into a 2 quart {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/saucepan/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 saucepan}} and cook over low heat until thickened (about 10 minutes), stirring constantly. The lemon curd will thicken at about 170 degrees F, or just below {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/simmer/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 simmer}}. Remove from the heat and cool
\fs44 .\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa140\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\b \cf0 Assemble 
\b0 	
\f0\b\fs28 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs48 \cf0 Place tart shell on a cake plate and douse with the liqueur. In a small bowl {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/whisk/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 whisk}} or beat the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cream/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cream}}, mascarpone cheese and lemon curd to combine. Fill the tart with the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cheese/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cheese}} mixture and top with the berries and lemon zest.}