{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red51\green51\blue51;\red175\green129\blue0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16520\viewh18820\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\li200\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs44 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd-4\expndtw-20
Meyer Lemon Tart with a Layer of Chocolate\

\f1\fs30 \cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa300\ql\qnatural

\fs36 \cf3 NOTE:\cf2  Remove the curd from the heat and let it cool slightly before pouring it over the hardened chocolate layer. Don\'92t cool the curd completely before pouring or it will lose its nice sheen. You can also make this tart with regular lemon juice.\
\uc0\u8232 \cf3 For the p\'e2te sucr\'e9e (makes enough for two crusts)\cf2 \uc0\u8232 1/4 cup heavy cream\u8232 2 extra-large egg yolks\u8232 2 3/4 cups plus 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour\u8232 1/4 cup plus 3 tablespoons granulated sugar\u8232 1/4 teaspoon kosher salt\u8232 1/2 pound unsalted butter\
\cf3 For the tart\cf2 \uc0\u8232 1 recipe p\'e2te sucr\'e9e\u8232 2 ounces bittersweet chocolate\u8232 4 extra-large eggs\u8232 3 extra-large egg yolks\u8232 1 cup plus 1 tablespoon granulated sugar\u8232 1 cup Meyer lemon juice\u8232 10 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, cut into small pieces\u8232 A pinch of kosher salt\u8232 1 cup heavy cream\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa300\ql\qnatural

\b \cf3 Directions
\b0 \cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cf3 Make the p\'e2te sucr\'e9e\uc0\u8232 \cf2 1. Whisk the cream and egg yolks together in a small bowl.\
2. In a stand mixer fitted with the dough hook, combine the flour, sugar, salt, and butter on medium speed until you have a coarse meal. Gradually add the cream and yolks and mix until just combined. Do not overwork the dough.\
3. Transfer the dough to a large work surface and bring it together with your hands to incorporate completely. Divide the dough in half, shape into 1-inch-thick discs, and wrap one of them to freeze and use later.\
4. If the dough is too soft, put in the refrigerator for 5 to 10 minutes to firm up a little. If the dough is manageable, place it on a lightly floured work surface, sprinkle a little flour over the dough, and roll it out into a 1-inch-thick circle, flouring as necessary. Starting at one side, roll and wrap the dough around the rolling pin to pick it up. Unroll the dough over a 10-inch tart pan. Gently fit the dough loosely into the pan, lifting the edges and pressing the dough into the corners with your fingers. To remove the excess dough, roll the rolling pin lightly over the top of the tart pan for a nice clean edge, or work your way around the edge pinching off any excess dough with your fingers. Chill for 1 hour.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa300\ql\qnatural
\cf3 Make the tart\uc0\u8232 \cf2 1. Preheat the oven to 375\'b0F (190\'b0C).\
2. Take the tart pan with the p\'e2te sucr\'e9e from the refrigerator. Prick the bottom with a fork and line it with a few opened and fanned-out coffee filters or a piece of parchment paper. Fill the lined tart shell with beans or pie weights and bake 15 minutes, until set. Take the tart out of the oven and carefully lift out the paper and beans. Return the tart to the oven and bake another 10 to 15 minutes, until the crust is an even golden brown. Set aside on a rack to cool completely.\
3. Melt the chocolate in a double boiler over medium-low heat. Spread the chocolate evenly on the crust and chill in the refrigerator for at least 15 minutes, until the chocolate has solidified completely.\
4. While the crust is chilling, make the curd. Whisk the eggs, yolks, sugar, and lemon juice together in a heavy-bottomed saucepan. Cook over medium heat, stirring continuously, alternating between a whisk and rubber spatula (see note above), until the lemon curd has thickened to the consistency of pastry cream and coats the back of the spatula.\
5. Remove the lemon curd from the heat. Add the butter a little at a time, stirring to incorporate completely. Season with the salt. Let the curd cool about 8 minutes, and then strain it into the prepared tart shell. Chill the tart in the refrigerator.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa300\ql\qnatural

\fs32 \cf2 \
}