{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red81\green111\blue28;\red51\green51\blue51;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww23560\viewh20240\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs52 \cf2 Meyer Lemon Tart with Ginger Snap Crust\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs44 \cf3 Crust:\
		1-1/2 cups ginger snap crumbs (about 30 cookies)\
		\'bc cup sugar\
		\'bd teaspoon kosher salt\
		\'bd stick unsalted butter, melted\
		Filling:\
		1 Meyer lemon (about 4 oz.)\
		1-1/2 cups sugar\
		1 stick (8 tablespoons) unsalted butter, cut into chunks\
		4 large eggs\
		2 tablespoons cornstarch\
		\'bd teaspoon kosher salt\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl420\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf3 		Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.\
		For the crust, combine the cookie crumbs, sugar, salt and butter in a bowl. Once mixture is evenly moistened, press into a 9-inch pie plate. Bake for 10 minutes until firm and golden. Allow to cool slightly while you make the lemon filling.\
		For the filling, start by washing and drying the Meyer lemon. You will use the whole thing, peel and all, so it should be clean! Thinly slice the lemon and remove all seeds. Place the lemon rounds, sugar and butter into a food processor fitted with the steel chopping blade. Process until the lemon is fully pureed, about a minute. Add the eggs, cornstarch and salt. Pulse until incorporated and batter is smooth.\
		Pour the lemon filling into the prepared, cooled ginger snap crust. Bake for about 40 minutes, or until the filling is set. Jiggle the pan back and forth lightly to check that it\'92s set. The lemon filling shouldn\'92t move too much. It will be lightly browned on top. Remove from the oven and allow to cool fully. You may serve it once it is cool, or refrigerate it and serve it fully chilled.\
		Quick Tips\
		1. Create finely ground ginger snap crumbs by placing coarsely broken cookies into a food processor and running until desired consistency is reached. My only complaint with this recipe is that I had to wash my food processor in between making the crust and the filling. I hate to have my kitchen mojo interrupted with cleaning! All of this is to say that if you have a reliable method to crush cookies without using the food processor, by God, use it. Save yourself the scrubbing and drying.\
		2. My tart did not spill over, but it looked like it was going to for a while. I placed a baking sheet underneath it to catch any spills. I suggest you do the same unless you enjoy cleaning burned sugar from the bottom of your oven.\
		3. Most of the recipes I\'92ve posted using Meyer lemons will work just fine with regular lemons. Because Meyer lemons have a thinner skin and a sweeter flavor than regular lemons, I can\'92t guarantee that you\'92ll get a similar result here if you use a regular lemon. I was initially inspired to make this recipe after seeing something similar on smitten kitchen. Deb insists that you can use a regular lemon for this filling, but warns that you should expect a \'93stronger [rind] flavor and higher proportion of skin to flesh.\'94 We could really taste the rind here and can only imagine that it would be a lot more pronounced using a regular lemon.\
		4. To serve, top the tart with a dusting of confectioners\'92 sugar and if you care to get fancy, a curled piece of lemon zest. The pieces will come out more easily when it\'92s chilled.\
}