{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red170\green38\blue38;\red51\green51\blue51;\red119\green119\blue119;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14740\viewh18660\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl740\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs78 \cf2 Mini Fruit Tarts
\fs52 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\sa380\qj

\fs46 \cf3 yields:  24 mini tarts\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\sa20\qj

\fs62 \cf2 INGREDIENTS\
\pard\pardeftab720\li200\sl400\sa20\qj

\fs56 \cf4 Crust:\
1/2 c. powdered sugar\
1 1/2 c. all-purpose flour\
1 1/2 sticks unsalted butter, softened and sliced\
For the Filling:\
1 (8-oz.) package cream cheese, softened\
1/2 c.sugar\
1 tsp. vanilla\
Topping:\
Fresh Fruit (strawberries, raspberries, blueberries, blackberries and kiwi)\
Glaze:\
1 (6-oz.) can frozen limeade concentrate, thawed\
1 tbsp. cornstarch\
1 tbsp. fresh lime juice\
1/4 c. granulated sugar\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\sa20\qj

\fs62 \cf2 INSTRUCTIONS\
\pard\pardeftab720\li200\sl480\sa20\qj

\fs56 \cf3 Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Grease mini tart pans generously with cooking spray. \
For the crust:\
Combine the powdered sugar, flour, and butter in a food processor. Pulse until the dough forms a ball. \
Place a scoop of dough into each mini tart pan and press down in the center with your thumbs to form a mini shell.  Bake for 8-10 minutes.\
The bottoms will rise (forming more of a cookie than a crust, so as soon as they come out of the oven use the back of a wooden spoon to press down the center of the tart so there will be room for the filling. Cool completely.\
For the filling:\
Beat the cream cheese, sugar, and vanilla with an electric mixer until no lumps remain. Place into a large ziploc bag. Cut off one corner of the bag and use it to pipe the filling into the cooled crusts.\
Add your fruit pieces to the top of the filling.\
For the glaze:\
Mix limeade, cornstarch, lime juice, and sugar in a small saucepan over medium heat until clear and thick, about 5 minutes. Let cool. Brush the glaze onto the top of tarts. You will have some leftover glaze.\
Store tarts in the refrigerator, removing about 15 minutes before serving.\
*These can be made one day ahead (store in refrigerator overnight).}