{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red158\green30\blue51;\red51\green51\blue51;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid4}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww18260\viewh21320\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl1040\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs66 \cf2 PAMA Flourless Chocolate Torte
\fs56 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\ql\qnatural

\fs38 \cf3 Serves 8 to 12
\fs32 \

\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl600\sa40\ql\qnatural

\fs58 \cf3 Ingredients:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl480\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs52 \cf3 {\listtext	\'95	}1/2 c. (1 stick) unsalted butter\
{\listtext	\'95	}7 egg yolks\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 Tbsp. PAMA Pomegranate Liqueur\
{\listtext	\'95	}7 oz. bittersweet chocolate, melted \
{\listtext	\'95	}4 egg whites\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 Tbsp. sugar\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural

\fs34 \cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl600\sa40\ql\qnatural

\fs58 \cf3 Mousse:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl480\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\fs52 \cf3 {\listtext	\'95	}6 oz. bittersweet chocolate\
{\listtext	\'95	}5 Tbsp. unsalted butter\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 c. Pama Pomegranate Liqueur\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 c. plus 2 tablespoons sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 egg whites\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 c. whipping cream, plus more for garnish\
{\listtext	\'95	}Pomegranate seeds as garnish\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural

\fs44 \cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl600\sa40\ql\qnatural

\fs58 \cf3 Instructions:\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\ql\qnatural

\fs52 \cf3 In a medium bowl, beat butter on high speed until it is creamy. Add egg yolks one at a time, beating well after each addition. Drizzle Pama Pomegranate Liqueur in as you continue beating. Add melted chocolate (cooled to warm) into egg-butter mixture and beat on medium speed. Set mixture aside. With clean beaters in a small bowl, whip egg whites with sugar until stiff peaks form. Fold half the egg whites into chocolate mixture then fold in remaining half of egg whites. Spread mixture into a 10-inch springform pan that has been sprayed with a non-stick spray. Bake at 350 degrees for 15 to 20 minutes, until set. Cool completely. Remove sides from pan and place cake on dessert plate. \
To make the mousse: Combine chocolate and butter and melt using gentle heat, stirring to blend. Stir in Pama Pomegranate Liqueur. Set aside. Put sugar in a small saucepan with 1/4 cup water. Stir over high heat until sugar dissolves. When the mixture boils, cook until it reaches 240 degrees on a candy thermometer, or until a drop forms a soft ball when spooned into cold water. When the sugar mixture reaches 230 degrees or so, begin beating the egg whites. When the sugar syrup is at 240, drizzle it into egg whites as you continue beating. Fold in chocolate mixture. Beat 1/2 cup whipping cream until fluffy and fold that into the mousse. Spread on top of cooled cake. Refrigerate for 1 hour or overnight.  
\fs50 Serve with whipped cream that has been flavored with PAMA Pomegranate Liqueur and garnish with pomegranate seeds
\fs42 .\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl600\sa40\ql\qnatural

\fs52 \cf3 Pair With:
\fs58 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl480\ql\qnatural
\ls3\ilvl0
\fs42 \cf2 		\'95  PAMA Manhattan \cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural

\fs34 \cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\ql\qnatural

\fs42 \cf3 \

\fs52 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl1040\ql\qnatural

\fs62 \cf2 PAMA Manhattan
\fs52 \cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl600\sa40\ql\qnatural

\fs58 \cf3 Ingredients:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl480\ql\qnatural
\ls4\ilvl0
\fs50 \cf3 {\listtext	\'95	}3 1/2 oz. PAMA Pomegranate Liqueur\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 oz. Bourbon\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural

\fs34 \cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl600\sa40\ql\qnatural

\fs58 \cf3 Instructions:\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\ql\qnatural

\fs52 \cf3 Shake with ice and strain into a martini glass. Drop in a cherry. Can also be served on the rocks in a low ball glass.\
\
}