{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww18160\viewh20240\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\sa280\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs54 \cf0 Pate Sucree Tarts
\f1\b0\fs42 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri3840\sl360\sa200\ql\qnatural

\fs34 \cf0 Makes 2 four-by-fourteen-inch tarts\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa260\ql\qnatural

\f2\fs50 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sl320\sa120\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl1
\f1\fs42 \cf0 		2 1/2 cups all-purpose flour, plus more for work surface\
		3 tablespoons sugar\
		Pinch of salt\
		1 cup (2 sticks) chilled unsalted butter, cut into small pieces\
		2 large egg yolks\
		1/4 cup cold water\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\sa120\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 		\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa260\ql\qnatural

\f2\fs50 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\sa360\ql\qnatural
\ls3\ilvl0
\f1\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	1.	}Place flour, sugar, and salt in the bowl of a food processor fitted with the metal blade, and pulse to combine. Add butter, and process until mixture resembles coarse meal, about 10 seconds.\
{\listtext	2.	}In a small bowl, lightly beat yolks with the water.With machine running, add yolk mixture and process just until dough holds together, no more than 20 seconds. Divide dough in half, form into flat disks and wrap in plastic. Chill in refrigerator until ready to use, at least 2 hours.\
{\listtext	3.	}On a lightly floured surface, roll out one disk of pate sucree 1/8 inch thick to fit a 4-by-14-inch fluted tart pan with a removable bottom, allowing about an inch extra on all sides. Brush off excess flour with a pastry brush. Carefully transfer dough to tart pan, pressing it into edges and sides; trim excess by running rolling pin over the pan. Prick the bottom of the dough all over with a fork. Cover with plastic wrap, and chill in refrigerator at least 1 hour.\
{\listtext	4.	}Preheat oven to 375 degrees. Remove pans from refrigerator, and place on a rimmed baking sheet. Line each with a piece of aluminum foil that overhangs the edges by at least 2 inches. Fill foil with pie weights or dried beans; fold foil to enclose, making sure edges of tart are supported by the foil and weights.\
{\listtext	5.	}Bake until edges are just starting to color, about 25 minutes. Remove foil and weights; continue baking until crust is crisp and evenly browned, 10 to 15 minutes more.Transfer to a wire rack to cool completely before removing shells.}