{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15820\viewh15640\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs46 \cf0 Quick Cinnamon Apple Tart
\f1\b0\fs26 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\b \cf2 Serves: 
\b0 \cf0 6 servings\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\fs20 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs40 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs38 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 stick {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/butter/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 butter}}, cut into 1-inch cubes, plus extra, melted, for brushing\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 cups flour\
{\listtext	\'95	}Salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sugar/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 sugar}}, divided\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 tablespoons ice cold water\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 Granny Smith apples\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon fresh {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/lemon/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 lemon}} juice\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon ground cinnamon\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/vanilla/index.html"}}{\fldrslt Vanilla}}\cf0  ice cream, for serving\
{\listtext	\'95	}\
{\listtext	\'95	}Special Equipment: 9 1/2-inch tarte pan\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs40 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs38 \cf0 Place the cubed butter in the fridge while you assemble all your ingredients.\
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.\
In a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/food-processor/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 food processor}}, place the flour, a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/pinch/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 pinch}} of salt, and 1 tablespoon sugar. Add the butter and pulse until the mixture looks like wet sand. Add the cold water and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/pulse/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 pulse}} again until the dough just begins to come together in a large lump. Pour the dough into the tarte pan and, using your fingers, press the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/dough/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 dough}} into the pan, forming a crust. Refrigerate the crust while you prepare the apples.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/peel/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Peel}} the apples, cut into quarters, core, and then slice thinly. Place in a bowl and toss with the lemon juice, the remaining 1 tablespoon sugar, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cinnamon/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cinnamon}}, and a pinch of salt. Remove the crust from the refrigerator and dump the apples onto the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/crust/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 crust}}, spreading them evenly. Brush the whole tarte with melted butter and bake until the tarte is golden and the apples have cooked down a fair amount, about 1 hour. Cool for at least 15 minutes before cutting. Serve with vanilla {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/ice-cream/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 ice cream}}\
}