{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f2\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red126\green126\blue126;\red61\green63\blue63;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16380\viewh20280\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\qc

\f0\fs50 \cf0  
\fs62 Raspberry Curd
\b\fs52  
\fs40 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs50 \cf0 Ingredients
\f0\fs44 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260\ql\qnatural

\f2\fs50 \cf0 6 (3/4 stick) tablespoons unsalted butter\uc0\u8232 3 half-pints of fresh raspberries 
\b or
\b0  2 packages\uc0\u8232 \'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0 (12 oz.) raspberries, thawed\u8232 2 tablespoon lemon juice\u8232 2 teaspoons grated lemon peel\u8232 2/3 cup sugar\u8232 5 large egg yolks
\f0\fs44 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs50 \cf0 Directions
\f0\fs44 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260\ql\qnatural

\f2\fs50 \cf0 Puree the raspberries in a blender. Put raspberry puree through a fine-mesh sieve to remove the seeds. Next, measure 1 1/2 cup of strained raspberry puree.
\f0\fs44 \

\f2\fs50 In a heavy 1 1/2- to 2-quart saucepan, whisk together the puree, butter, sugar, lemon juice and eggs. Turn on heat.
\f0\fs44 \

\f2\fs50 Whisk raspberry curd over the lowest possible heat, stirring constantly, until the mixture thickens enough to heavily coat the back of a spoon.
\f0\fs44 \

\f2\fs50 Remember to stir constantly, and do not let the mixture boil or the egg yolks will curdle. Using a spatula, scrape the filling into a medium-mesh sieve set over a bowl. Strain the curd into the bowl. Stir in lemon peel.
\f0\fs44 \

\f2\fs50 Allow raspberry curd to cool, then cover, and refrigerate to thicken. Refrigerate until ready to use.
\f0\fs44 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260\ql\qnatural

\f2\i\fs50 \cf0 * Recipe yields about 2 cups raspberry curd.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f1\i0\fs56 \cf2 Raspberry Curd\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\ql\qnatural

\fs54 \cf0 Ingredients\

\fs40 Makes 2 cups
\fs46 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 cup sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon finely grated lemon zest, plus 1/4 cup fresh lemon juice\
{\listtext	\'95	}8 large egg yolks (egg whites reserved for another use)\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 teaspoon coarse salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/4 sticks unsalted butter (10 tablespoons), cut into 1/2-inch pieces\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup raspberries\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\ql\qnatural

\fs54 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\fs42 \cf3 {\listtext	1.	}In a medium saucepan, off heat, whisk together sugar, zest, and egg yolks; whisk in lemon juice and salt.
\f3\b\fs44 \
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 {\listtext	2.	}Add butter and place pan over medium-high heat. Cook, whisking constantly, until butter has melted, mixture is thick enough to coat the back of a spoon, and small bubbles form around the edge of pan, about 5 minutes (do not boil).
\f3\b\fs44 \
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 {\listtext	3.	}Remove pan from heat while continuing to whisk. Pour curd through a fine-mesh sieve into a glass bowl. Press plastic wrap against the surface of curd and refrigerate until cool. (To store, refrigerate in an airtight container, up to 2 weeks.)
\f3\b\fs44 \
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 {\listtext	4.	}In a blender, puree 1 cup raspberries. Strain through a fine-mesh sieve into a bowl, discarding solids. Fold raspberry puree into cooled curd.
\f3\b\fs44 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 \
 }