{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red103\green40\blue19;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15980\viewh18820\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl460\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs60 \cf2 Raspberry Curd Tart
\b0\fs52 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\ql\qnatural
\cf2 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl280\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\fs44 \cf0 		1 cup butter, softened\
		1/2 cup confectioners' sugar\
		1 teaspoon vanilla extract\
		2 cups all-purpose flour\
		Dash salt\
		1/2 cup finely chopped almonds\
		\uc0\u8232 RASPBERRY CURD\
		1 package (10 ounces) frozen unsweetened raspberries, thawed\
		3 tablespoons lemon juice\
		1/2 cup butter\
		3 tablespoons sugar\
		4 eggs\
		Whipped cream, fresh raspberries and mint\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs52 \cf2 Directions\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\sa200\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\fs44 \cf0 		In a large bowl, cream butter and confectioners' sugar until light and fluffy. Add the vanilla. Combine flour and salt; add to creamed mixture and beat until smooth. Stir in almonds. Press into tartlet pans; trim edges. Place pans on a baking sheet. Bake at 375\'b0 for 20-25 minutes or until golden brown. Cool on a wire rack. Remove from pans.\
		For raspberry curd, combine raspberries and lemon juice in a blender or food processor; cover and process until pureed. Press through a strainer to remove seeds.\
		In a saucepan, melt butter over medium heat. Reduce heat to low; add the raspberry puree, sugar and eggs. Cook and stir for 10-15 minutes or until mixture is smooth and thickened and reaches 160\'b0. Remove from the heat. Press plastic wrap on surface of curd. Refrigerate for several hours or overnight.}