{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red84\green84\blue84;\red51\green51\blue51;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16160\viewh21180\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl520\sa80\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs58 \cf0 Raspberry Tart\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\fs32 \cf2 Yield:  \cf0 10 servings\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\ql\qnatural

\fs40 \cf0 INGREDIENTS
\fs50 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0\fs48 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 cup/250 ml milk\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 vanilla bean, halved lengthwise and seeds scraped\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 egg yolks\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup/55 g sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons flour\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon framboise (raspberry liqueur)\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup/60 ml heavy cream\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 pound/450 g fresh raspberries\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 (9-inch/23 cm) prepared baked cookie crust\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\ql\qnatural

\b\fs50 \cf0 \

\fs40 DIRECTIONS
\fs50 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa160\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs48 \cf3 Put the milk in a saucepan. Split the vanilla bean, scraping the seeds into the milk, then drop in the pot. Heat to a simmer, remove from heat, cover, and set to infuse 10 minutes. \uc0\u8232 \u8232 In bowl using an electric mixer, beat the yolks with the sugar until pale. Beat in the flour. Pull the vanilla bean from the milk and whisk the milk gradually into the egg mixture. Pour back into the saucepan, bring to a boil, and cook 1 minute. Remove from the heat and stir in the framboise. Strain into a bowl, cover with plastic wrap, and set aside to cool. When chilled, whip the cream and gently fold it in. \u8232 \u8232 Spread the pastry cream evenly in the base of the prepared cookie crust. Arrange the berries neatly over top. \u8232 
\fs44 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl520\sa80\ql\qnatural

\b\fs56 \cf0 Sugar Cookie Crust
\fs58  \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa160\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs32 \cf3 (1)10 to 12-inch tart\

\b\fs36 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\ql\qnatural

\fs40 \cf0 INGREDIENTS
\b0\fs36 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls3\ilvl0
\fs50 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}Nonstick cooking spray\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/4 cups all-purpose flour\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon baking powder\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 teaspoon salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}8 tablespoons (1 stick) unsalted butter, softened\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup granulated sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup light brown sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 large egg\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon vanilla extract\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\ql\qnatural

\b\fs40 \cf0 DIRECTIONS\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa160\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs50 \cf3 For the crust: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spray a 10 to 12-inch tart pan or pizza pan with nonstick cooking spray. \uc0\u8232 \u8232 In a medium bowl, whisk together the flour, baking powder and salt. In a large mixing bowl, cream together the butter and sugars using a handheld mixer until smooth. Add in the egg and vanilla and mix until incorporated. Slowly incorporate the flour mixture into the creamed butter and mix until blended. Remove the dough from the bowl and press into the prepared pan. (You may need to dust your hands with some flour to prevent the dough from sticking to them. It is wet dough when it comes together.) \u8232 \u8232 Bake until the edges just start to brown, 10 to 12 minutes. Remove from the oven and let cool. \u8232 }