{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17560\viewh14720\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs66 \cf0 Rustic Apple Tart\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs46 \cf2 Serves:
\b   
\b0 \cf0 8 servings\

\fs40 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs50 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}6 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/granny-smith-apple/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Granny Smith apples}}, peeled and cored\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons dry {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sherry/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 sherry}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/lemon/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 lemon juice}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 teaspoons ground {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cinnamon/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cinnamon}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 teaspoon ground allspice\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 teaspoon ground {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/ginger/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 ginger}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/8 teaspoon ground nutmeg\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 recipe Pate Sucree, recipe follows\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons butter, cut into bits\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cream/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 heavy cream}}, to brush crust\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sugar/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 sugar}}, to sprinkle on crust\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs50 \cf0 Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.\
Cut each apple into 12 segments and put in a large mixing bowl. Add the sugar, sherry and lemon juice and toss to coat well. Add the cinnamon, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/allspice/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 allspice}}, ginger and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/nutmeg/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 nutmeg}} and mix well. Set aside to let the flavors {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/blend/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 blend}} for 15 minutes.\
On a well floured surface, roll the dough out to a 15-inch circle. Transfer to a baking sheet and mound the apples in the center, making sure to leave a generous 2-inch border. Dot the apples with the 2 tablespoons of {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/butter/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 butter}} and fold the dough border up around the apples. (It won't meet in the center.) Brush the dough with the heavy cream and sprinkle with the sugar. Place in the bottom third of the oven for 30 minutes. After 30 minutes, transfer to the top third of the oven for an additional 30 minutes. Remove and let cool for 15 minutes before serving.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Pate Sucree:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs50 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 1/4 cups {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/flour/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 all-purpose flour}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/8 teaspoon salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}7 tablespoons butter, chilled and cut into bits\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 tablespoons ice water\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Put the flour, sugar and salt into the bowl of a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/food-processor/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 food processor}}. Pulse to combine. Add the butter and pulse until the mixture resembles coarse crumbs. With the processor running add the water 1 tablespoon at a time until a dough just begins to form. Turn out onto a lightly floured surface and pat into a disk. Wrap in {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/plastic-wrap/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 plastic wrap}} and refrigerate for at least 20 minutes.\
Yield: 1 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/crust/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 crust}}\
}