{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red34\green34\blue34;\red94\green90\blue87;\red0\green171\blue189;
\red153\green150\blue144;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid4}
{\list\listtemplateid5\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid5}
{\list\listtemplateid6\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid6}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}{\listoverride\listid5\listoverridecount0\ls5}{\listoverride\listid6\listoverridecount0\ls6}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12780\viewh11740\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl740\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\fs74 \cf2 Sacher Torte Heart with Truffle Top
\f1\fs22 \cf3 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl220\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs32 \cf3 Makes One 6-inch 2-Layer Cake\
		\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl460\sa200\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs58 \cf2 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\sa120\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\fs42 \cf3 		1/2 cup (1 stick) unsalted butter, softened, plus more for pans\
		Unsweetened cocoa powder, for pans\
		4 ounces semisweet chocolate, finely chopped\
		1/3 cup plus 2 tablespoons sugar\
		3 large eggs, separated\
		1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract\
		3/4 cup all-purpose flour\
		1/3 teaspoon salt\
		1/4 cup apricot jam\
		2 teaspoons orange-flavored liqueur, (optional)\
		8 ounces semisweet or bittersweet chocolate, finely chopped\
		1 cup heavy cream \
		Chocolate Truffles (recipe below)\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\sa120\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf4 		 \cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl460\sa200\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs58 \cf2 Directions\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\sa320\ql\qnatural
\ls3\ilvl0
\f1\fs42 \cf3 {\listtext	.	}Make the cake: Preheat oven to 300 degrees, with rack in center. Butter two 6-inch heart-shape cake pans. Line bottoms with parchment paper; butter parchment. Dust with cocoa powder, and tap out excess; set aside. Melt chocolate in a heatproof bowl set over a pan of simmering water, stirring often; set aside.\
{\listtext	.	}Put butter and 1/3 cup sugar into the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment. Mix on medium speed until pale and fluffy, about 2 minutes. Mix in yolks, then vanilla and melted chocolate. Reduce speed to low. Mix in flour. Transfer batter to a large bowl.\
{\listtext	.	}Put egg whites and salt into the clean bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the whisk attachment. Beat on low speed until foamy. Raise speed to medium-high; gradually beat in remaining 2 tablespoons sugar. Raise speed to high, and beat just until stiff peaks form. Stir half the egg whites into the chocolate mixture. Using a rubber spatula, gently fold in remaining egg whites.\
{\listtext	.	}Divide batter between prepared pans. Tap firmly on counter to remove any air bubbles. Bake until centers are just set, 16 to 17 minutes. Let cool completely in pans on a wire rack. Turn out cakes; remove parchment. Reinvert onto rack.\
{\listtext	.	}Trim cakes flat. Warm jam in a small saucepan over medium-low heat, stirring occasionally, until slightly runny. Stir in liqueur, if desired. Spread warm jam over 1 cake layer. Top with remaining layer.\
{\listtext	.	}Make the ganache: Put chocolate into a large heatproof bowl. Bring cream just to a boil over medium-high heat; pour over chocolate. Let stand 10 minutes. Stir until smooth. Refrigerate, stirring every 10 minutes, until cooled and the consistency of corn syrup, about 30 minutes.\
{\listtext	.	}Slowly pour ganache over top and down sides of cake (use an offset spatula to spread evenly, if needed). Let stand 30 minutes. Arrange truffles over top of cake. Serve.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl740\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs74 \cf2 Chocolate Truffles
\f1\fs24 \cf3 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl220\ql\qnatural
\ls4\ilvl0
\fs32 \cf3 Makes about 3 1/2 dozen\
		\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\sa320\ql\qnatural
\ls4\ilvl0
\f0\fs48 \cf5 Use different brands of cocoa powder (such as Hershey's, Valrhona, Droste, and Ghirardelli) to make truffles of assorted colors.
\f1\fs32 \cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl460\sa200\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs58 \cf2 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\sa120\ql\qnatural
\ls5\ilvl0
\f1\fs42 \cf3 		8 ounces best-quality bittersweet or semisweet chocolate, finely chopped\
		1/2 cup heavy cream\
		1 tablespoon liqueur, such as triple sec or framboise (optional)\
		Unsweetened cocoa powder, for rolling (Valrhoma, Droste, and Ghirardeli)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl460\sa200\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs58 \cf2 Directions\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\sa320\ql\qnatural
\ls6\ilvl0
\f1\fs42 \cf3 {\listtext	.	}Put chocolate into a large heatproof bowl. Bring cream just to a boil in a small saucepan over medium-high heat; pour over chocolate in bowl. Stir in liqueur, if desired. Cover with plastic wrap; let stand 10 minutes. Stir until smooth. Let stand until thick, about 15 minutes.\
{\listtext	.	}Pour chocolate mixture into a shallow 8-inch dish or pie plate. Cover with plastic wrap, and refrigerate until mixture is very cold and set but still pliable, about 30 minutes.\
{\listtext	.	}Using a teaspoon or a 1/2-inch melon baller, scoop balls of chocolate mixture, transferring them to a baking sheet lined with parchment paper as you work. Refrigerate truffles 10 minutes.\
{\listtext	.	}Using hands dusted with cocoa powder, dip each truffle in cocoa powder to coat, then quickly shape truffle into a rough round. Refrigerate truffles in an airtight container until ready to serve, up to 2 weeks; before serving, reshape into rounds, and roll each truffle in cocoa powder, if desired.\
\pard\tx560\pardeftab720\sl320\sa320\ql\qnatural
\cf3 \
}