{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialNarrow-Bold;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red190\green115\blue0;\red105\green50\blue0;\red0\green12\blue242;
\red0\green13\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16780\viewh18820\viewkind0
\deftab720

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trwWidth7100\trftsWidth3 \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth7060\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt40 \clpadl40 \clpadb40 \clpadr40 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sa420\qc

\f0\b\fs100 \cf2 Shortbread Tarts 
\f1 \cf0 \cell \lastrow\row
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-5260\sa320\ql\qnatural

\f2\b0\fs50 \cf3 Makes about 36 - 2 inch shortbread tarts.\

\b\fs58 \
Cream Cheese Filling:
\f1\b0\fs70 \cf0 \

\f2\fs64 \cf3 1-8 oz. package full fat cream cheese, room temperature
\f1\fs70 \cf0 \

\f2\fs64 \cf3 1-14 ounce can sweetened condensed milk
\f1\fs70 \cf0 \

\f2\fs64 \cf3 Zest of one {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.joyofbaking.com/Lemons.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 lemon}} 
\f1\fs70 \cf0 \

\f2\fs64 \cf3 1/3 cup freshly squeezed {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.joyofbaking.com/Lemons.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 lemon}} juice 
\f1\fs70 \cf0 \

\f2\fs64 \cf3 1 teaspoon pure {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.joyofbaking.com/Vanilla.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 vanilla}} extract
\f1\fs70 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-5260\sa380\ql\qnatural

\f2\b\fs58 \cf3 Shortbread Tarts:
\f1\fs86 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-5260\sa320\ql\qnatural

\f2\b0\fs64 \cf3 1 cup (2 sticks) unsalted {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.joyofbaking.com/Butter.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 butter}}, room temperature
\f1\fs70 \cf0 \

\f2\fs64 \cf3 1/2 cup confectioners {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.joyofbaking.com/sugar.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 sugar}}
\f1\fs70 \cf0 \

\f2\fs64 \cf3 1 teaspoon pure {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.joyofbaking.com/Vanilla.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 vanilla}} extract
\f1\fs70 \cf0 \

\f2\fs64 \cf3 1 1/2 cups all purpose {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.joyofbaking.com/flour.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 flour}}
\f1\fs70 \cf0 \

\f2\fs64 \cf3 3 tablespoons cornstarch or rice flour
\f1\fs70 \cf0 \

\f2\fs64 \cf3 1/4 teaspoon salt
\f1\fs70 \cf0 \

\f2\b\fs58 \cf3 Garnish: 
\f1\b0\fs70 \cf0 \

\f2\fs64 \cf3 Any combination of berries (blueberries, strawberries, blackberries, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.joyofbaking.com/ShortbreadTartsWithCreamFilling.html#"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 raspberries}}) or other fruit such as slices of kiwi.\
\

\b\fs78 Directions
\b0\fs64 \

\b\fs58 Cream Cheese Filling
\b0 :
\fs64  In your electric mixer, beat the cream cheese until creamy and smooth. Add the condensed milk,\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.joyofbaking.com/ShortbreadTartsWithCreamFilling.html#"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 lemon}} juice, lemon zest, and vanilla and process just until smooth. (Do not over process or the filling will be too runny.)\'a0Transfer the filling to a bowl, cover, and refrigerate for 6-8 hours, or preferably overnight. Can be covered and stored in the refrigerator for about a week.
\f1\fs70 \cf0 \

\f2\b\fs58 \cf3 Shortbread Tarts:
\b0\fs64 \'a0 Lightly butter, or spray with a nonstick vegetable spray, 36 miniature muffin tins.
\f1\fs70 \cf0 \

\f2\fs64 \cf3 In the bowl of your electric mixer, or with a hand mixer, beat the butter and sugar together (1-2 minutes) until smooth. Beat in the vanilla extract.\'a0Add the flour, cornstarch and salt and mix just until incorporated. If the shortbread dough is too soft to roll into balls, cover and refrigerate for about 30-60 minutes.
\f1\fs70 \cf0 \

\f2\fs64 \cf3 Take a scant 1 tablespoon of shortbread dough and place in the center of each muffin tin.\'a0With your fingertips, press the dough onto the bottom and up the sides of the individual muffin tin. Once filled, cover and place the tart pan, with the unbaked shells, in the freezer for about 15 minutes so the shortbread can become firm.\'a0(This will help to prevent the shortbread from puffing up during baking.)
\f1\fs70 \cf0 \

\f2\fs64 \cf3 Meanwhile, preheat oven to 325 degrees F and place rack in the center of the oven.
\f1\fs70 \cf0 \

\f2\fs64 \cf3 Bake for approximately 20 minutes or until lightly golden brown. About halfway through the baking time, if the shortbread has puffed up, lightly prick the bottom of each shortbread with the tines of a fork. Once they are fully baked, remove from oven and place on a wire rack to cool. When completely cooled, remove the tarts from the pan. (They can be frozen.)
\f1\fs70 \cf0 \

\f2\b\fs58 \cf3 To serve:
\b0\fs64 \'a0Using two small spoons, fill the tart shells with a dollop of the cream filling. The filled tart shells can be made several hours in advance and refrigerated. Just before serving top with fresh berries.
\f1\fs70 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-5260\ql\qnatural
\cf0 	\
\
}