{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red223\green72\blue28;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12920\viewh13300\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs22 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\ql\qnatural

\f1\b\fs52 \cf0 Strawberry Cheesecake Tart\

\fs30 10 servings
\fs26 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural

\f0\b0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li300\ri1020\sl360\ql\qnatural

\b\fs46 \cf0 Crust\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural
\cf2 1/2 cup
\b0\fs42 \cf0  
\fs40 butter
\fs44 , softened
\fs42 \

\b\fs46 \cf2 1/3 cup
\b0\fs44 \cf0  sugar
\fs42 \

\b\fs46 \cf2 1 1/4 cups
\b0\fs44 \cf0  all-purpose flour
\fs42 \

\b\fs46 \cf2 2 tablespoons
\b0\fs44 \cf0  milk
\fs42 \

\b\fs46 \cf2 1/2 teaspoon
\b0\fs44 \cf0  almond extract
\fs42 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li300\ri1020\sl360\ql\qnatural

\b\fs46 \cf0 Filling\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural
\cf2 1 cup
\b0\fs44 \cf0  whipping cream
\fs42 \

\b\fs46 \cf2 1 (3.4-ounce) package
\b0\fs44 \cf0  cheesecake-flavored instant pudding and pie filling mix
\fs42 \

\b\fs46 \cf2 1 (8-ounce) package
\b0\fs44 \cf0  cream cheese, softened
\fs42 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li300\ri1020\sl360\ql\qnatural

\b\fs46 \cf0 Topping\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural
\cf2 1 pint
\b0\fs44 \cf0  fresh strawberries, hulled, sliced*
\fs42 \

\b\fs46 \cf2 1/4 cup
\b0\fs44 \cf0  strawberry jam, melted
\fs42 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl20\ql\qnatural

\b\fs20 \cf0 Directions
\fs62 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa240\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs42 \cf0 Heat oven to 400\'b0F. Combine butter and sugar in small bowl; beat at medium speed until creamy. Reduce speed to low; add flour, milk and almond extract. Beat, scraping bowl often, until mixture leaves sides of bowl and forms a ball.\uc0\u8232 \u8232 Press dough onto bottom and up sides of greased 10-inch tart pan or 12-inch pizza pan; prick with fork. Bake for 15 to 18 minutes or until light golden brown. Cool completely.\u8232 \u8232 Combine all filling ingredients in medium bowl. Beat at medium speed, scraping bowl often, until creamy. Spread over cooled crust. Refrigerate at least 1 hour. \u8232 \u8232 Just before serving, arrange strawberries over filling; brush or drizzle strawberries with melted jam.\u8232 \
*Substitute your favorite fruit such as blueberries or raspberries.
\f1\b \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural

\f0\b0 \cf0 \
}