{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Strawberry-Rhubarb Tart\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs32 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 1 (13 by 5-inch) tart, 4 to 6 servings
\fs38 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs42 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Tart:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 (8-ounce) sheet frozen {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/puff-pastry/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 puff pastry}}, thawed\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon milk\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 cups strawberries, stemmed\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup sliced {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/rhubarb/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 rhubarb}} (1 large rib, trimmed but not peeled)\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/butter/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 unsalted butter}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Glaze:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/currant/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 currant}} jelly\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon very hot water\
{\listtext	\'95	}Confectioners' sugar, for dusting\
{\listtext	\'95	}Lightly sweetened whipped cream, for serving\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 Position a rack in the center of the oven and preheat to 375 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper. Roll the pastry into a rectangle about 1/8-inch thick. Cut 2 (3/4-inch wide) strips from a long side. Cut remaining pastry into a 13 by 5-inch rectangle and place on the prepared baking sheet. Brush a 3/4-inch border down 1 long side with water and lay 1 narrow strip on top, pressing gently. Repeat on the other side. (The filling should be thick enough so you don't need pastry strips on the short sides of the tart to keep the filling from spilling out when the tart is assembled.) Trim any overhang, if necessary. Very lightly roll a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/pizza/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 pizza}} wheel along the inside of the strips to {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/score/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 score}} halfway through the base. Brush the top of the strips with {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/milk/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 milk}}, taking care not to drip down the sides. Pierce the base all over with a fork, line it with a piece of aluminum foil that extends along the sides of the strips but not over, and weigh foil down with {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/pie-weights/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 pie weights}} or dried {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/beans/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 beans}}. Use a paring knife to {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/flute/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 flute}} the outer edges of the tart by making small cuts an inch apart. Bake until set, about 15 minutes. Remove the foil and weights and bake until light golden brown, about 15 minutes more. Cool on a rack.\
Trim the strawberries' broad tops and put the trimmings in a small {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/saucepan/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 saucepan}} with the rhubarb, sugar, and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/extracts/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 vanilla extract}}. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/simmer/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Simmer}} over medium heat, stirring frequently, until fruit is thick and jamlike, about 15 minutes. Add butter and puree with an {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/immersion-blender/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 immersion blender}} or in a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/food-processor/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 food processor}} until smooth. Cool. Halve the remainder of the strawberries lengthwise.\
To assemble the tart: Spread cooked mixture in the shell. Arrange strawberries in shingled rows down length of the tart.\
For the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/glaze/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 glaze}}: Stir together {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/jelly/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 jelly}} and hot water. Brush warm glaze over {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/strawberry/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 strawberries}}. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/dust/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Dust}} the sides lightly with confectioners' {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sugar/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 sugar}}, slice, and serve with {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cream/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 whipped cream}}.\
Shop Smart: Buy strawberries of roughly the same size so that when they're "shingled" on the tart, they fit together nicely.}