{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww18080\viewh17760\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs54 \cf0 Strawberry Tart\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs34 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 6 to 8 servings\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 For the crust:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 sticks cold butter, cut into pea-size pieces\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/flour/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 all-purpose flour}}, plus extra for dusting\
{\listtext	\'95	}3/4 cup sliced almonds, toasted\
{\listtext	\'95	}Pinch kosher salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 egg yolk\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 to 4 tablespoons ice water\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 For the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/pastry-cream/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 pastry cream}}:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}2 cups heavy cream\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 vanilla bean, scraped\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 eggs\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/3 cup cornstarch\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/milk/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 milk}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Topping:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls3\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 quart fresh strawberries, topped and sliced\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls3\ilvl0
\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 Special Equipment: 1 pound dried beans, 10-inch {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/tart-pan/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 tart pan}}\
For the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/crust/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 crust}}:\
In the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/food-processor/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 food processor}} combine the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/butter/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 butter}} flour, almonds and salt and pulse, pulse, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/pulse/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 pulse}} until it looks like grated {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cheese/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cheese}}, as I like to call the Parmigiano stage. Add the egg yolk and half the water and pulse; the dough should start to come together. If it does not, add the remaining water and pulse until the dough forms into a ball. Dump the "doughball" onto a floured work surface and using the heel of your hand, "{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/schmear/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 schmear}}" it across the work surface. Repeat this process 1 to 2 more times, then form the dough into a disk, wrap it in {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/plastic-wrap/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 plastic wrap}} and refrigerate for at least 30 to 45 minutes.\
*TIP- this can be done up to a week in advance or frozen for a longer time.\
Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F.\
To roll the crust:\
Remove the dough from the refrigerator about 10 minutes before rolling to let it soften. On a lightly floured work surface, roll the dough to 1/8 to 1/4 inch thick. Lay the dough in the tart pan. Make a small "doughball" with a little of the dough that is hanging over the edge of the tart pan. Dip the dough ball in flour and use is to carefully push the dough into the corners of the tart pan. Once the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/dough/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 dough}} has been pushed into the corners of the tart pan, use the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/rolling-pin/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 rolling pin}} to roll over the top edge of the tart pan to cut a clean {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/crisp/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 crisp}} edge. Line the tart with aluminum foil, be sure to push it into the corners. This will keep the sides of the tart tall and straight and able to hold the filling. Fill the tart with the dried {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/beans/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 beans}}. Place in the preheated oven for 12 to 14 minutes. Remove the beans and foil and bake for another 4 to 5 minutes. The dough should be cooked through and lightly browned. Remove from the oven and cool.\
For the pastry cream:\
Place the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cream/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 heavy cream}}, 1/2 cup of the sugar and the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/vanilla/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 vanilla bean}} seeds and pod in a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/saucepan/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 saucepan}}. Whisk to combine and bring to a boil over low heat. While the cream is coming to a boil, combine the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/eggs/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 eggs}} and remaining 1/2 cup of sugar in a bowl and the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cornstarch/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cornstarch}} and milk in another bowl. Beat with a whisk to a homogeneous mixture, no big lumps of egg white! When the cream comes to a boil, remove it from the heat and discard the vanilla bean {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/pod/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 pod}}. *Whisk half of the cream into the egg/sugar mixture and then IMMEDIATELY {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/whisk/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 whisk}} it back into the pan with the hot cream.\
*This is called {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/tempering/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 tempering}} and will allow you to combine boiling cream and eggs without making scrambled eggs.\
Return the pan to a medium heat and gradually whisk in the cornstarch/milk mixture. Bring this to a boil to thicken the pastry cream. Stir frequently to prevent scorching. It is necessary to bring this mixture to a boil to cook the starch. If the mixture is not brought to a boil the mixture will feel starchy and gritty. The desired outcome is the consistency of vanilla {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/pudding/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 pudding}}. YUM! Transfer the mixture to a bowl and chill. This can be done really quickly over an ice bath.\
To assemble the tart:\
Fill the tart shell with the chilled pastry cream. Top with the sliced {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/strawberry/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 strawberries}}, decoratively. }