{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Strawberry Puff Pastry Tart\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs32 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 8 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 large egg\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 teaspoons water\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 sheet frozen {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/puff-pastry/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 puff pastry}}, thawed (half 17 1/4-ounce package)\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 pint fresh {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/strawberry/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 strawberries}}, washed and wiped dry, hulled and halved, or sliced 1/4-inch thick\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cream/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 heavy cream}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}3/4 cup {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/mascarpone/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 mascarpone cheese}}, or 6 ounces softened {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cream-cheese/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cream cheese}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 tablespoons superfine or {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sugar/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 granulated sugar}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 teaspoons fresh orange juice\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon finely grated {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/zest/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 orange zest}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons red currant or apricot jam\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon apple juice or water\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 pint vanilla {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/ice-cream/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 ice cream}}, melted\
{\listtext	\'95	}Mint sprigs, garnish\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper.\
In a small bowl, beat the egg with the water.\
On a lightly floured surface, roll out the puff pastry to a large rectangle, about 14 by 8 inches. With a small, sharp knife, lightly score the outer 3/4-inch edge of each side. Using your finger or a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/pastry-brush/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 pastry brush}}, brush this outer edge with the egg wash. Fold the outer edge over onto the dough to make a border, pressing gently to adhere, and paint the top lightly with the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/egg-wash/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 egg wash}}. With a fork, score the inner base of the tart. Place on a prepared baking sheet and refrigerate for 20 minutes.\
Bake the pastry shell until light golden brown and crisp, about 20 minutes. Cool completely on a wire rack.\
In a small bowl, beat the cream to soft peaks.\
In a medium bowl, beat together the mascarpone, sugar, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/orange/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 orange juice}}, and orange zest until smooth. Fold in the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cream/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 whipped cream}}.\
Spread the cream mixture evenly over the bottom of the tart shell. Arrange the berries decoratively over the top.\
In a small bowl, whisk the jam and apple juice until the jam is smooth and a spreadable consistency. Using a pastry brush, lightly glaze the top of the berries with the jam.\
Slice the tart into 8 portions. Spoon puddles of the melted ice cream into the center of 8 dessert plates and top with slices of the tart. Garnish with mint sprigs and serve.\
\
}