{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f2\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red51\green51\blue51;\red63\green86\blue190;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15860\viewh16440\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl500\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf2 Tarte Au Chocolat\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs32 \cf2 Serves:\'a08\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural

\f0\b0\fs36 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural

\fs38 \cf2 Tart Pastry\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ri0\sl440\ql\qnatural

\f1 \cf2 1 cup all-purpose flour
\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs38 \cf2 1/4 cup powdered sugar
\f0\fs24 \cf0 \

\f1\fs38 \cf2 6 tablespoons chilled unsalted butter\cf3 , cut into pieces
\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ri0\sl440\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs38 \cf2 1 tablespoon chilled whipping cream\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\ql\qnatural
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural

\f0 \cf2 Filling\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ri0\sl440\ql\qnatural

\f1 \cf2 1/2  cup whipping cream\
1/4  cup milk
\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs38 \cf2 10   ounces bittersweet chocolate\cf3    
\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ri0\sl440\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs38 \cf2 10   ounces semisweet chocolate, chopped
\f0\fs24 \cf0 \

\f1\fs38 \cf2 1     egg
\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
\
\pard\tx-500\tx0\pardeftab720\sl440\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs38 \cf2 Blend flour and sugar in food processor. Add butter and pulse until mixture resembles coarse meal. Add cream; process until moist clumps form. Turn out dough onto work surface. Gather into ball; flatten into disk. Wrap in plastic and refrigerate 15 minutes.
\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa280\ql\qnatural

\fs40 \cf0 Preheat oven to 350\'baF. Roll out dough on lightly floured  surface to 11-inch round. Transfer to 9-inch diameter tart pan with removable bottom. Press gently into place. Fold edges over to form double thick sides. 
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f2 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs40 \cf0 Line crust with aluminum foil. Fill with dried beans or pie weights. Bake 20 minutes. Remove beans and foil. Bake crust until golden brown, about 20 minutes. Transfer to rack and cool.  
\f2\fs24 \

\f0\fs40 \uc0\u8232 Bring whipping cream and milk to simmer in heavy medium saucepan. Reduce heat to low, add chocolate and stir until melted and smooth. Beat egg to blend in medium bowl. Gradually whisk 1/4 of hot chocolate mixture into egg. Whisk in remaining chocolate mixture. Pour filling into baked crust. Bake until set, about 15 minutes. Transfer to rack and cool.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f1\b\fs46 \cf2 Make ahead
\b0 : 
\fs42 Crust can be 
\fs44 prepared 1 day ahead.
\fs46  
\fs40 Cover and chill. 
\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
\uc0\u8232 \
}