{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15140\viewh17760\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs64 \cf0 Truffle Tarts with Raspberries
\b0 \

\fs52 \

\b Ingredients
\b0\fs48 \
1 1/2 cups fine chocolate wager crumbs (Oreo cookies)\
6   T. melted butter\
Dark Chocolate Truffle Mixture, recipe below\
6   fresh raspberries, plus extra for serving\
\

\b\fs52 Directions
\fs48  
\b0 \
Use a fork to mix together the chocolate crumbs and butter.\
Spray the 6-muffin tin with a vegetable spray.  Line the cups with strips of parchment paper.  Use the bottom of a small glass to press the crumbs over the bottom and sides of the muffin cups, building with sides up to only about 1 1/2 inches.  Place a raspberry in the center of each crust and with a pastry bag or plastic bag with the corner snipped off, fill the tarts with the truffle mixture.  Smooth the tops and refrigerate until set, about 2 hours. \
\

\b\fs56 Dark Chocolate Truffle Mixture\

\fs48 \

\fs52 Ingredients
\fs48 \

\b0 1/2 cup heavy cream\
8   ounces bittersweet chocolate, chopped\
1   teaspoon pure vanilla extract\

\b \

\fs52 Directions 
\fs48 \

\b0 In a saucepan, bring the cream just to a simmer over low heat.  Pour the cream over the chocolate in a bowl and let stand about 10 minutes to melt the chocolate.\
Add the vanilla and stir until smooth.  Set aside to cool for 1 hour at room temperature.  Then beat the chocolate at medium until it gets thick and light colored.
\b \
\
\
\
\
\
\
}