{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12720\viewh18060\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ultimate Chocolate Peanut Butter Torte
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\b \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 8 servings\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs28 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 cup butter, melted, plus more for pan\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup unsweetened cocoa\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 cups sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 eggs\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 teaspoons {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/extracts/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 vanilla extract}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup all-purpose flour\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup chopped peanut butter cups, about 8 pieces (recommended: Reese's)\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup peanut butter, plus 2 tablespoons, heated in microwave at 10 second intervals for easy spreading\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup confectioners' sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup warm water, plus more as needed\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/chocolate/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 chocolate}} {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/chips/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 chips}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 Preheat the oven to 350 F. Butter 2 (8-inch) circular pans and line with parchment paper.\
In a medium bowl combine the 1 cup melted butter and cocoa and stir until the cocoa is dissolved.\
Add the sugar, 1/4 cup at a time, and mix well. Add the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/eggs/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 eggs}}, 1 at a time, and mix until incorporated. Stir in the vanilla, flour and salt and combine until the flour is no longer visible. Fold in the chopped {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/peanut-butter/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 peanut butter}} cups and divide the mixture between the pans. Bake for approximately 25 minutes, then remove from the oven and set aside to cool.\
Run a knife around the edge of each pan and turn out onto a work surface.\
Put 1 cake layer on a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cake/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cake}} plate or a round platter. Spread the 1/4 cup of peanut butter over the first layer and top with the second layer. In a bowl, combine the remaining 2 tablespoons of peanut butter, the confectioners' sugar and water until a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/glaze/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 glaze}} forms. Add more water, if needed, to achieve desired glaze consistency. Pour the glaze on top of the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/torte/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 torte}}, spreading it out with a small knife allowing it to drip over the sides. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/melt/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Melt}} the chocolate chips in a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/double-boiler/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 double boiler}} and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/drizzle/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 drizzle}} over the glaze. Cut into slices and serve.\
\
}