{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red61\green61\blue61;\red250\green247\blue240;\red103\green40\blue19;
\red51\green51\blue51;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww19300\viewh19200\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri1000\sl700\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs74 \cf2 \cb3 Apple Turnovers
\f1\fs38 \cf0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Serves:  8 servings\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs54 \cf2 Ingredients
\f1\b0\fs38 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs46 \cf0 1 teaspoon grated orange zest\
3 tablespoons freshly squeezed orange juice\
1 1/4 pounds tart apples, such as Empire or Granny Smith (3 apples)\
3 tablespoons dried cherries\
3 tablespoons sugar, plus extra to sprinkle on top\
1 tablespoon all-purpose flour\
1/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon\
1/8 teaspoon ground nutmeg\
Pinch kosher salt\
1 package (17.3 ounces, 2 sheets) frozen puff pastry, defrosted\
1 egg beaten with 1 tablespoon water, for egg wash\

\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs54 \cf2 Directions
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs46 \cf0 Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.\
\
Combine the orange zest and orange juice in a bowl. Peel, quarter, and core the apples and then cut them in 3/4-inch dice. Immediately toss the apples with the zest and juice to prevent them from turning brown. Add the cherries, sugar, flour, cinnamon, nutmeg, and salt.\
\
Flour a board and lightly roll each sheet of puff pastry to a 12 by 12-inch square. Cut each sheet into 4 smaller squares and keep chilled until ready to use.\
\
Brush the edges of each square with the egg wash and neatly place about 1/3 cup of the apple mixture on half of the square. Fold the pastry diagonally over the apple mixture and seal by pressing the edges with a fork. Transfer to a sheet pan lined with parchment paper. Brush the top with egg wash, sprinkle with sugar, make 2 small slits, and bake for 20 minutes, until browned and puffed. Serve warm or at room temperature.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl460\ql\qnatural

\f2\fs62 \cf4 Vanilla Glaze
\f1\fs42 \cf0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl280\ql\qnatural

\f3\fs34 \cf5 Yield: 1/2 cup\

\f1\fs42 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\ql\qnatural

\f2\fs50 \cf4 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl280\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f3\fs42 \cf5 		1 cup confectioners' sugar\
		2 tablespoons half and half\
		1/4 teaspoon vanilla extract\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\ql\qnatural

\f2\fs50 \cf4 Directions\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl280\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f3\fs42 \cf5 		In a small bowl, combine the sugar, milk and vanilla. Stir until\
		smooth. Let stand for 5 minutes to thicken if desired. Spoon over\
		bread. }