{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red102\green102\blue102;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww21540\viewh19080\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl500\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs58 \cf2 \ul \ulc2 Apple Turnovers
\b0\fs52 \ulnone \'a0\

\fs46 Makes:  8
\fs52 \
\
2 medium apples - peeled, cored, and diced\
2 Tablespoons butter\
1/3 cup brown sugar\
1 Tablespoon cornstarch\
1 Tablespoon lemon juice\
1 teaspoon cinnamon\
1/8 teaspoon ginger\
1/8 teaspoon nutmeg\
1 teaspoon vanilla\
1 egg white\
1 Tablespoon water\
1 (17.3 ounce) package frozen puff pastry sheets, thawed\
\
Heat oven to 400 degrees. Melt butter in a large skillet over medium heat. Add apples and cook 2 minutes, stirring occasionally. Add brown sugar, cinnamon, cornstarch, ginger, nutmeg, and lemon juice. Cook and stir 3 minutes until apples are tender and sauce is thickened. Remove from heat and add vanilla. Cool slightly. Meanwhile, unfold pastry sheet on a lightly floured surface. Pinch together seams if necessary. With a sharp knife, cut each sheet into four squares. Mix the egg white and water in a small bowl and brush the edges of the pasty squares with egg wash. Spoon 1/8 of the mixture into the center of the 1 pastry square. Fold pastry in half diagonally and pinch the edges with a fork to seal. Transfer to an ungreased baking sheet. Repeat with remaining squares. Bake at 400 degrees for 14-16 minutes until the top is puffed and nicely browned. Remove turnovers from pan to a wire rack and cool 10 minutes.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl500\ql\qnatural

\b\fs58 \cf2 Vanilla Glaze
\b0\fs52 \
1 cup powdered sugar\'a0\
2 Tablespoons milk\
1 teaspoon vanilla\
\
In a small bowl, combine powdered sugar, milk, and vanilla. Mix to a smooth, thick consistency. Add more milk to thin, if necessary. Drizzle glaze over warm turnovers and serve.\'a0\
\
*Apple Turnovers are best served the same day as baking. They can be reheated in a 350 degree oven for 5 minutes to bring back that fresh out of the oven taste!\
}