{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red61\green61\blue61;\red6\green124\blue174;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15540\viewh18940\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri1000\sl500\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf2 Apple Strudel
\f1\fs28 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural
\cf2 Yield: 
\b0 8 servings\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs36 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa140\ql\qnatural

\fs50 \cf2 Ingredients\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\sa80\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs40 \cf2 Apple Strudel:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl420\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0 \cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/bourbon/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 bourbon}} or {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/apple/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 apple}} juice\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup golden raisins\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 to 3 Granny Smith apples (about 1 pound), peeled, cored, halved, and thinly sliced\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 lemon, juiced\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon lemon {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/zest/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 zest}}, finely chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon ground {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cinnamon/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 cinnamon}}, plus more for sprinkling\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup brown sugar, packed\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup crushed {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/shortbread/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 shortbread}} cookies\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup chopped pecans\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons butter, cut into pieces\
{\listtext	\'95	}5 sheets phyllo dough from 1 pound package of frozen {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/dough/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 dough}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons butter, melted, for brushing phyllo sheets, plus more if needed\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon granulated sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}Confectioners' sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}Caramel {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sauce/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 sauce}}, purchased\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\sa80\ql\qnatural

\b \cf2 Glaze:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl420\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\b0 \cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}2 cups confectioners' sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 1/2 tablespoons milk\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\sa80\ql\qnatural

\b \cf2 For the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/strudel/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 Strudel}}:\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs50 \cf2 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa180\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs40 \cf2 Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper.\
In a small bowl, pour the bourbon or apple juice over the raisins and microwave on high for 45 seconds. Let sit for 15 minutes.\
Combine the raisins, apples, lemon juice, lemon zest, cinnamon, brown sugar, cookie crumbs, pecans, and butter in a large bowl.\
Remove the phyllo dough from the box, unfold, and cover with a damp towel. Place 1 sheet of phyllo on the work surface and brush lightly with melted butter. Repeat with the remaining sheets, brushing each with melted butter, stacking when done, being sure to keep the unbuttered {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/phyllo/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 phyllo}} covered.\
Place the apple mixture on the nearest third of the phyllo stack, being sure to leave a 2-inch border. Gently lift the bottom edge of the phyllo stack to cover the filling and fold the side edges over. Continue to roll the stack away from you until the filling is completely sealed in and the seam is on the bottom. Transfer to the prepared baking sheet. Brush the top with melted butter and sprinkle with granulated sugar.\
Bake for 30 minutes, until golden brown. Pour over the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/glaze/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 glaze}} and sprinkle with cinnamon and confectioners' sugar. Pass warm {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/caramel/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 caramel}} sauce, to {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/drizzle/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 drizzle}} over the strudel.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs50 \cf2 For the Glaze:\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa180\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs40 \cf2 Mix ingredients thoroughly.\
*Cook's Note: If too thick add a little bit of {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/milk/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 milk}}. If too thin add a little bit of confectioners' sugar.}