{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red84\green84\blue84;\red51\green51\blue51;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl520\sa80\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs66 \cf0 Bacon, Cheddar and Chive Biscuits\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\fs40 \cf2 Yield:  \cf0 18 biscuits\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\ql\qnatural

\fs52 \cf0 INGREDIENTS\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0\fs48 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}7 slices bacon\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 cups flour\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 tablespoons sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 teaspoons baking powder\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 teaspoons salt\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon baking soda\
{\listtext	\'95	}3/4 cup (1 1/2 sticks) cold unsalted butter, cut into small pieces or grated\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 cups shredded Cheddar cheese\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup chopped fresh chives\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup buttermilk\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\ql\qnatural

\b\fs52 \cf0 DIRECTIONS\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa160\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs48 \cf3 Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper. \uc0\u8232 In a heavy-bottomed skillet over medium-high heat, cook the bacon until crisp and brown. Transfer to paper towels and drain. Chop and set aside. \u8232 Whisk the flour, sugar, baking powder, salt, and baking soda in a large mixing bowl. \u8232 Using a food processor, pastry cutter, or fingertips incorporate the chilled butter into the dry ingredients until the mixture resembles coarse meal. Add the Cheddar cheese, fresh chives, and cooked bacon. Mix to distribute the ingredients evenly. \u8232 Add the buttermilk and stir just until moistened. Using 1/2 cup dough for each biscuit and using a cup measure or an ice cream scoop, drop the biscuits onto the prepared baking sheet, spacing the mounds about 2-inches apart. \u8232 Bake until the biscuits are golden brown on top, about 15 to 20 minutes or until a tester comes out clean. Serve the biscuits warm with melted butter.\
}