{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red61\green61\blue61;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14440\viewh16660\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri1000\sl500\sa80\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf2 Banana Crunch Muffins\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs28 \cf2 Yield: 
\b0 18 large muffins\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\fs22 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf2 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl420\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs38 \cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}3 cups all-purpose flour\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 cups sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 teaspoons baking powder\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon baking soda\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 pound unsalted butter, melted and cooled\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 extra-large eggs\
{\listtext	\'95	}3/4 cup whole milk\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup mashed ripe bananas (2 bananas)\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup medium-diced ripe bananas (1 banana)\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup small-diced walnuts\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup granola\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup sweetened shredded coconut\
{\listtext	\'95	}Dried banana chips, granola, or shredded coconut, optional\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf2 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa180\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs38 \cf2 Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.\
\
Line 18 large muffin cups with paper liners. Sift the flour, sugar, baking powder, baking soda, and salt into the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with a paddle attachment. Add the melted butter and blend. Combine the eggs, milk, vanilla, and mashed bananas, and add them to the flour-and-butter mixture. Scrape the bowl and\
blend well. Don't overmix.\
\
Fold the diced bananas, walnuts, granola, and coconut into the batter. Spoon the batter into the paper liners, filling each 1 to the top. Top each muffin with dried banana chips, granola, or coconut, if desired. Bake for 25 to 30 minutes, or until the tops are brown and a toothpick comes out clean. Cool slightly, remove from the pan, and serve.\
}