{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;\red153\green153\blue153;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12900\viewh14620\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl500\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 Berry Berry Turnovers\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs28 \cf0 8 turnovers\

\fs22 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs42 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl420\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs40 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}4 1/2 cups (about 1 1/2 pounds) fresh strawberries, quartered and destemmed\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 1/2 cups (about 1 1/2 pounds) fresh blueberries, cut into 1/2-inch pieces\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 tablespoons {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cornstarch/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cornstarch}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}3/4 cup sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 teaspoon salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/orange/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 orange}} juice\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 package frozen puff pastry, thawed\
{\listtext	\'95	}All-purpose flour, for dusting\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 egg, beaten\
{\listtext	\'95	}Confectioners' sugar, for dusting\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs42 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs40 \cf0 Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.\
In a medium pot, combine the first 6 ingredients and mix well. Cook on medium heat until tender and syrupy; about 10 minutes. Allow to cool in refrigerator for 1 hour.\
Roll out the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/puff-pastry/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 puff pastry}} into a rectangle on a well-floured surface and cut into 8 squares. Place onto a sheet tray lined with parchment paper. Brush the edges of the square with the beaten egg. Place about 2 1/2 tablespoons of filling in the center of the square, leaving 1-inch on all sides clear. Repeat until all the puff pastry is used. Fold the turnover into a triangle and using a fork, crimp along the edges making sure to enclose all the filling in the pastry. Brush {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/egg-wash/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 egg wash}} on top of each triangle.\
Bake the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/turnovers/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 turnovers}} until puffy and golden brown, about 8 to 10 minutes. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/dust/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Dust}} with confectioners' sugar.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa140\ql\qnatural

\fs36 \cf3 Printed}