{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red61\green61\blue61;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14480\viewh18080\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri1000\sl500\sa80\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs56 \cf2 Biscone
\fs50 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa140\ql\qnatural

\fs40 \cf2 Ingredients
\f1\fs38 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl420\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0 \cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}3 cups all-purpose flour, plus 2 tablespoons to toss onto dough before baking\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup granulated sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons baking powder\
{\listtext	\'95	}3/4 teaspoon salt (optional for savory scones)\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon coarsely ground black pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup cold butter, cut in cubes\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 cups cold buttermilk\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup grated sharp white Cheddar\
{\listtext	\'95	}Egg wash\
		
\b\fs40 \cf2 Scallion Butter:\
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0 \cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}2 sticks softened butter\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 scallions, finely chopped\
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs52 		\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa140\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b\fs42 \cf2 Directions
\f1\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa180\ql\qnatural

\fs38 \cf2 Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.\
Add all the dry ingredients into a large bowl. Cut in the cold butter with a fork or pastry blender until the butter is the size of peas and some larger pieces. Gradually add in the cold buttermilk until it is just combined. Stir in the cheese. Do not overwork the dough.\
In the same bowl, pat down dough and dust the top with the remaining 2 tablespoons of flour. Using an ice cream scooper, arrange scoops of the biscone mixture onto a baking sheet lined with parchment paper. Brush the tops with egg wash and bake, turning halfway through, until the tops are golden brown about 18 to 20 minutes.\

\fs40 For the butter:\
In a small bowl add the butter and scallions. Using a hand-held electric mixer, combine until well incorporated.\
To assemble:\
Split the biscones in half and smear with scallion butter. 
\fs52 \
}