{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17360\viewh13300\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl500\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs42 \cf0 Buttermilk Biscuits with Butter and Honey
\f1\fs22 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs28 \cf0 about 7 biscuits\

\f0\b\fs48 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\ql\qnatural

\fs42 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl420\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs40 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}2 cups all-purpose flour, sifted, plus more for surface\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 teaspoons baking powder\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 teaspoon baking soda\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 stick cold unsalted butter, cut into small pieces, plus more for serving\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup buttermilk\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup heavy {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cream/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cream}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}Freshly ground black pepper, optional\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl420\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/honey/index.html"}}{\fldrslt Honey}}\cf0 , for serving\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs42 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs40 \cf0 Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment or waxed paper.\
\
In a bowl combine the dry ingredients and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/blend/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 blend}} thoroughly. Cream in the butter with your fingers or a fork, until the mixture resembles coarse crumbs. Add the buttermilk a little at a time and, using your hands or a fork, work it in just until it's thoroughly incorporated and you have a smooth ball of dough. Don't overwork or over-handle the dough.\
\
On a lightly floured surface, press the dough out into a round that is about 1-inch thick. Using a round {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cookie-cutter/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cookie cutter}} or the rim of a drinking glass, press out (2 1/2-inch) rounds; you should get about 7 biscuits. If you like, you can re-roll the leftover dough to make more, but the texture of these will be denser than the others.\
\
Place the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/dough/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 dough}} rounds on the prepared baking sheet and brush the tops with heavy cream. Grind fresh pepper over top of biscuits, if desired. Bake until golden on top and brown on the bottom, about 12 to 15 minutes. Serve warm with butter and a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/drizzle/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 drizzle}} of honey.\
}