{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red84\green84\blue84;\red51\green51\blue51;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11960\viewh13320\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl520\sa80\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs66 \cf0 Buttermilk Biscuit \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs40 \cf2 Yield:  \cf0 12 biscuits
\b \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\ql\qnatural

\fs54 \cf0 INGREDIENTS\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0\fs50 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}3 cups flour\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 tablespoons sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 teaspoons baking powder\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 teaspoons salt\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon baking soda\
{\listtext	\'95	}3/4 cup (1 1/2 sticks) cold unsalted butter, cut into small pieces or grated\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup buttermilk\
{\listtext	\'95	}Buttermilk Biscuit Variations, recipes follow\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\ql\qnatural

\b\fs54 \cf0 DIRECTIONS\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa160\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs50 \cf3 Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper. \uc0\u8232 Whisk the flour, sugar, baking powder, salt, and baking soda in a large mixing bowl. \u8232 Using a food processor, pastry cutter, or your fingertips incorporate 3/4 cup chilled butter into the dry ingredients until the mixture resembles coarse meal. \u8232 Add the buttermilk and stir just until moistened. Using 1/2 cup dough for each biscuit, drop biscuits onto the prepared baking sheet, spacing mounds about 2-inches apart. \u8232 Bake the biscuits until they are golden brown on top, about 15 to 20 minutes or until a tester comes out clean. Serve the biscuits warm. \u8232 \u8232 
\b Buttermilk Biscuit Variations:
\b0  \uc0\u8232 Bacon, Cheddar and Chive: Add 7 slices of cooked and chopped bacon, 1 1/2 cups Cheddar cheese, and 1/4 cup chives to mixture after cutting in the butter. Serve with melted butter. \u8232 Blueberry with Lemon and Thyme: Combine 6 cups blueberries, 2/3 cup sugar, and 2 tablespoons water in large saucepan. Stir the mixture until softened and syrup coats spoon. Cover and chill. Add 1 tablepsoon grated lemon zest and 2 teaspoons chopped thyme leaves to the dry ingredients. Serve the lemon-thyme biscuits sliced horizontally with sweetened blueberries served alongside. \u8232 Strawberry Shortcake with Sweet Buttermilk Biscuits: Add an additional 2 tablespoons sugar to the dry ingredients. Brush the tops of the drop biscuits with heavy cream and top with turbinado sugar.}