{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red102\green102\blue102;\red239\green239\blue239;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12480\viewh17760\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl820\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs70 \cf2 \cb3 Cheddar Chive Drop Biscuits
\fs34 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa260\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs46 \cf2 Yield:
\b \cf2 \cb3  
\b0 \cf2 \cb3 1 dozen biscuits
\b \cf2 \cb3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\sa400\ql\qnatural

\fs62 \cf2 Ingredients:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl480\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0\fs54 \cf2 		10 oz all purpose flour (2 cups)\
		4 tsp baking powder\
		2 tsp sugar\
		1 tsp garlic powder\
		1/2 tsp old bay seasoning\
		1/2 tsp salt\
		1/2 cup cold unsalted butter, cubed (1 stick)\
		6 oz Extra Sharp Cheddar, grated\
		About 30 chives, sliced\
		1 cup milk\
		\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\sa400\ql\qnatural

\b\fs62 \cf2 Directions:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl480\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\b0\fs54 \cf2 {\listtext	1.	}Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F.\
{\listtext	2.	}In a food processor, pulse to combine the flour, baking powder, sugar, garlic powder, old bay seasoning, and salt. Once those ingredients are combined, add the cold butter cubes and pulse the mixture about 10 times to break down the butter into small pieces and incorporate it into the seasoned flour. There should still be pea sized pieces of butter.\
{\listtext	3.	}Add the grated cheddar and chives to the bowl and pulse 2-3 times to distribute. Dump everything out into a large mixing bowl. Pour the milk into the dry ingredients and use a spatula to toss the ingredients around. Think of this more as tossing to distribute the liquid, rather than stirring. In order to prevent our biscuits from getting tough, we want to use a light hand and only mix until the dry and wet ingredients are combined.\
{\listtext	4.	}Take a cookie scoop and portion out 1/4 cup scoops of the biscuit mixture onto a baking sheet (you should have 12 scoops). Bake for 15 minutes until golden brown. Enjoy!}