{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14840\viewh18620\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b\fs54 \cf0 Cheddar Biscuits
\f1\b0\fs36 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs32 \cf2 Makes:  8
\b0 \cf0  biscuits\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients
\f1\b0\fs42 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}12 ounces {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/flour/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 all-purpose flour}}, plus extra for rolling\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 teaspoons baking powder\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon baking soda\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon kosher salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon freshly chopped {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/thyme/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 thyme}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon freshly chopped sage\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 teaspoon {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cayenne-pepper/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cayenne pepper}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 ounces extra-sharp white {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cheddar/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Cheddar}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 ounces unsalted butter, frozen\
{\listtext	\'95	}7 ounces low-fat {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/buttermilk/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 buttermilk}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 Combine the flour, baking powder, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/baking-soda/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 baking soda}}, salt, thyme, sage, and cayenne pepper in a medium mixing bowl and set aside.\
Grate the cheese and butter using the large shredding disk of a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/food-processor/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 food processor}} or the large side of a box {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/grater/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 grater}}. Immediately add the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cheese/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cheese}} and butter to the flour mixture. Stir to combine. Pour in the buttermilk and stir just to combine. Dump the dough onto a floured work surface and start folding the dough over on itself, gently kneading for 30 seconds, or until the dough is soft and smooth. Press the dough into a 1/2-inch thick round. Use a 3-inch round cutter to cut out the biscuits, being sure to push the cutter straight down through the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/dough/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 dough}} to the work surface. Make your cuts as close together as possible to limit waste. Gather together any remaining dough, pat out again, and cut out as many biscuits as you can in the remaining dough.\
 Bake until the biscuits are tall and golden brown, 15 to 20 minutes. 
\f0\b\fs44 \
}