{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red84\green84\blue84;\red51\green51\blue51;\red0\green101\blue159;
}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl520\sa80\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs68 \cf0 Chocolate Lava Muffins\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\fs42 \cf2 Yield:  \cf0 1 dozen\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\ql\qnatural

\fs54 \cf0 INGREDIENTS\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0\fs50 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}8 ounces semisweet chocolate chips\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 stick butter\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 tablespoons flour\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 teaspoon salt\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}4 eggs\
{\listtext	\'95	}Butter, to coat muffin tin\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon cocoa powder\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup vanilla ice cream\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon espresso powder\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\ql\qnatural

\b\fs54 \cf0 DIRECTIONS\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa160\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs50 \cf3 Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.\
Place a small metal bowl over a saucepan with simmering water. Melt the chocolate and butter in the bowl. Stir in vanilla.\
In a large mixing bowl, combine {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sugar/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 sugar}}, flour and salt. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sift/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 Sift}} these into the chocolate and mix well with electric hand {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/mixer/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 mixer}}. Add eggs one at time, fully incorporating each egg before adding the next. Beat at high until {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/batter/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 batter}} is creamy and lightens in color, approximately 4 minutes. Chill mixture.\
Coat the top and each cup of the muffin tin with butter. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/dust/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 Dust}} with the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cocoa-powder/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 cocoa powder}} and shake out excess. Spoon mixture into pan using a 4-ounce scoop or ladle. Bake for 10 to 11 minutes. Outsides should be cake-like and centers should be gooey.\
While muffins are in oven, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/melt/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 melt}} the ice cream in a small {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/saucepan/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 saucepan}}. Stir in the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/espresso/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 espresso}} powder. Serve over warm {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/muffin/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 muffins}}.\
}