{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red164\green194\blue114;\red47\green43\blue34;\red45\green57\blue24;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww22300\viewh20240\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa400\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs58 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd8\expndtw40
Cranberry Orange Scones\
\pard\pardeftab720\li40\ri760\sl360\sa120\ql\qnatural

\f1\i\fs42 \cf3 \kerning1\expnd4\expndtw20
makes 12 scones
\i0 \kerning1\expnd4\expndtw20
\
2 cups plus 1/4 cup all-purpose flour, plus more for kneading\uc0\u8232 1/4 cup packed brown sugar\u8232 1 tbsp. baking powder\u8232 1/4 tsp. kosher salt\u8232 1/4 cup unsalted butter, chilled and diced\u8232 1 cup dried cranberries\u8232 1 medium orange (for zest and 2 tbsp. freshly squeezed juice)\u8232 1/2 cup plain yogurt\u8232 2 eggs, separated\u8232 1 tbsp. milk\u8232 1/2 cup confectioner\'92s sugar\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa380\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs48 \cf4 \kerning1\expnd8\expndtw40
Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\li40\ri760\sl360\sa120\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs42 \cf3 \kerning1\expnd4\expndtw20
Preheat oven to 375 degrees.\
Combine 2 cups flour, brown sugar, baking powder and kosher salt in a large mixing bowl. Add chilled butter and cut into flour mixture until butter resembles pea-sized pieces.\
In a small bowl, combine dried cranberries, orange zest from 1 medium orange and 1/4 cup flour. Stir until cranberries are well coated with the flour, then add to flour and butter mixture and stir to combine.\
In a separate large mixing bowl, beat together yogurt and egg until light and fluffy, about 3-5 minutes. Gradually add dry ingredients to wet ingredients. Once all ingredients are combined, knead dough on a lightly floured surface until dough is well-formed, about 1 minute.\
Divide dough into two equal portions. Roll each portion into two 6-inch circles at about 3/4-inch thickness. Cut each circle into 6 equal pieces/wedges. Place wedges on 1-2 baking sheets lined with parchment paper, separated by about 1-2 inches.\'a0 Beat 1 egg with 1 tbsp. milk in small bowl and lightly brush over the tops of the scones right before placing into the oven.\'a0 Bake for 15-20 minutes, or until tops are golden brown. Remove from oven and cool scones on cooling rack. Drizzle with Sweet Orange Glaze (recipe below), if desired.\
To make Sweet Orange Glaze, combine 1-2 tbsp. freshly squeezed orange juice with 1 cup confectioner\'92s sugar until smooth and runny. Add additional orange juice until mixture is loose enough to drizzle, if necessary. Drizzle over scones when they are completely cooled.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li40\ri760\sl360\sa120\ql\qnatural

\fs40 \cf3 \kerning1\expnd4\expndtw20
Think of all the different types of scones you can make, too. I\'92m thinking chocolate chip, blueberry lemon, cinnamon sugar\'85
\fs58 \cf3 \kerning1\expnd4\expndtw20
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li40\ri760\sl360\sa120\ql\qnatural

\fs42 \cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural
\cf3 \kerning1\expnd4\expndtw20
Enjoy!
\f0\fs44 \cf4 \kerning1\expnd8\expndtw40
\
}