{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13220\viewh15440\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl500\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 Dill Biscuits with Honey Butter
\f1\fs28 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260\ql\qnatural
\cf2 Serves: 
\b0 \cf0 12 biscuits\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs34 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\ql\qnatural

\fs40 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 For the Biscuits:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl420\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs38 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}2 cups all-purpose flour, plus more for dusting\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 teaspoons baking powder\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 teaspoon baking soda\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon fine salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}12 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, diced\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons chopped fresh dill\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup buttermilk, plus more for brushing\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs40 \cf0 For the Honey Butter:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl420\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs38 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}4 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 teaspoons honey\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 teaspoon sea salt\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs40 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs38 \cf0 Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Pulse the flour, baking powder, baking soda and fine salt in a food processor. Add the butter and pulse into pea-size pieces. Add the dill, then slowly pulse in the buttermilk until the dough just comes together. Transfer to a floured surface and knead three to five times. Shape into a disk.\
Roll out the dough to about 1/2 inch thick. Cut into rounds with a 2 1/2-inch round cutter or a glass. Reroll any scraps. Place on a baking sheet, brush with buttermilk and bake until golden, 10 to 12 minutes.\
Meanwhile, make the honey butter: Mix the butter, honey and sea salt in a bowl until smooth. Serve with the warm biscuits.\
}