{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs50 \cf0 Easy Sticky Buns I\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs30 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 12 cinnamon buns\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs42 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs40 \cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/canola-oil/index.html"}}{\fldrslt Canola oil}}\cf0  spray\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 store-bought {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/dough/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 pizza dough}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup dried cherries\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 cups dark brown sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup chopped pecans\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup chopped walnuts\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 stick (1/2 cup) {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/butter/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 unsalted butter}}, at room temperature\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons ground {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cinnamon/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cinnamon}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 tablespoon {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/flour/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 all-purpose flour}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup confectioners' sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 orange, juiced and zested\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/extracts/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 vanilla extract}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs42 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs40 \cf0 Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Spray a 9 by 13-inch baking dish well with canola oil spray.\
Remove the pizza dough from the fridge, cover with a clean kitchen towel and let come to room temperature for 30 minutes.\
Place the cherries into a bowl of warm water and let them {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/reconstitute/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 reconstitute}}, about 5 minutes. Drain all the water from the cherries and add to the bowl the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sugar/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 brown sugar}}, pecans, walnuts, butter, cinnamon, flour and salt. Stir all until combined.\
Place the dough out onto a lightly floured surface and roll into a large rectangle about 1/2-inch thick. Spread the filling over the dough, leaving a 1-inch border. Next, roll the dough the same way you would a jellyroll, from one end to the other. Trim off the ends and cut into 12 equal slices. Place the rolls into the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cookware-and-bakeware-materials/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 baking dish}} so that there are 3 on the short side and 4 on the long side. Place the rolls into the oven and cook until golden brown, about 15 minutes.\
Add the confectioners' sugar, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/orange/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 orange juice}} and zest and vanilla extract to a bowl and stir well to combine. When the rolls come out of the oven, drizzle them with the glaze immediately and let cool for 10 minutes.\
}