{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green101\blue14;\red61\green63\blue63;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14140\viewh14020\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs54 \cf2 Flaky Buttery Biscuits
\fs52 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Ingredients\

\fs44 Makes 12 small biscuits\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs40 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 3/4 cups all-purpose flour\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 1/2 teaspoons baking powder\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon coarse salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}6 tablespoons (3/4 stick) chilled unsalted butter cut into small pieces\
{\listtext	\'95	}3/4 cup milk (see headnote)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\ql\qnatural

\fs52 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\fs40 \cf3 		Preheat the oven to 450 degrees. Butter or line a baking sheet.
\f1\b\fs42 \
\ls2\ilvl0
\f0\b0\fs40 		In a medium bowl, whisk together the flour, baking powder, and salt. Using a fork or 2 table knives, combine the butter and flour mixture until it resembles a coarse meal. Slowly add the milk, stirring with a fork, to the desired consistency.
\f1\b\fs42 \
\ls2\ilvl0
\f0\b0\fs40    	For softer biscuits, drop 2 tablespoons of the dough onto the lined baking sheet. For firmer biscuits, turn the dough out onto a clean, lightly floured surface and gently knead just to bring the dough together. Carefully roll out the dough about 3/4 inch thick. Using a biscuit cutter or sturdy glass, cut about 12 biscuits, rerolling any scraps. Place on the lined baking sheet. (The biscuits can be frozen at this point. Freeze on the baking sheet, then remove to a resealable container or plastic bag for easier storage.) Bake the biscuits for 13 to 15 minutes (add 3 to 4 additional minutes for frozen ones), until golden brown. Cool slightly and serve warm.
\f1\b\fs30 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f0\b0\fs28 \cf0 \
}