{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red65\green65\blue65;\red45\green45\blue45;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww20180\viewh19200\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl560\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs82 \cf2 Glazed Lemon Scones
\b0\fs70 \

\f1\fs46 \cf3 Makes:  8 scones\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl500\sa80\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs72 \cf3 Ingredients
\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl480\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f2\fs60 \cf3 		
\b Scones
\b0 \
		2 cups flour\
		1/3 cup sugar\
		1 tablespoon baking powder\
		1/2 teaspoon salt\
		Finely grated zest of 1 lemon\
		3 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, cut into 1/4-inch pieces\
		1 cup heavy or whipping cream, plus a little for brushing\
		1 egg yolk, beaten slightly\
		1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract\
		
\b Lemon Glaze
\b0 \
		1 cup confectioners' sugar\
		1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice\
		1/2 teaspoon lemon extract\
		1 tablespoon melted butter\
		2 tablespoons heavy or whipping cream\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl500\sa80\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs72 \cf3 Directions
\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\sa120\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\fs60 \cf3 {\listtext	.	}Heat the oven to 400\'b0. Grease a large, heavy baking sheet (preferably not a dark one) and set it aside.
\f0\fs76 \
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\fs60 {\listtext	.	}Sift the flour, sugar, baking powder, and salt into a large mixing bowl. Add the lemon zest and toss the mixture with your hands.
\f0\fs76 \
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\fs60 {\listtext	.	}Using your fingertips, rub the butter into the dry ingredients until the mixture resembles fine crumbs.
\f0\fs76 \
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\fs60 {\listtext	.	}Make a well in the center of the dry ingredients. Pour in the cream, the yolk, and the vanilla extract and use a fork to blend the liquids within the well. Then use a wooden spoon to combine all the ingredients, just until the dough holds together.
\f0\fs76 \
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\fs60 {\listtext	.	}Scrape the dough onto a flour-dusted surface and then, using floured hands, knead it gently three or four times to form a ball. Flatten the ball into a disk about 3/4-inch thick, then cut it as you would a pie into 8 wedges. Transfer the pieces to the baking sheet, leaving at least 1/4 inch between them. Brush the tops lightly with cream.
\f0\fs76 \
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\fs60 {\listtext	.	}Bake the scones in the center of the oven until golden brown, about 16 to 18 minutes. Allow them to cool on the sheet for a few minutes and then transfer them to a wire rack.
\f0\fs76 \
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\fs60 {\listtext	.	}While the scones continue to cool, make the glaze. Combine all the ingredients in a small mixing bowl and whisk them until the mixture is smooth. If necessary, you can thin the glaze with water, stirring in no more than 1/2 teaspoon at a time. When the scones have cooled for another 10 minutes, drizzle each one generously with glaze. }