{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red99\green99\blue99;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15060\viewh21320\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa160\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b\fs72 \cf0 		
\f1\fs52 \cf2 Grands!\'ae Monkey Bread 
\b0\fs40 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa160\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs34 \cf2 		\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa300\ql\qnatural
\cf2 	
\fs42 	1/2\'a0  cup granulated sugar\
		1\'a0     teaspoon cinnamon\
		2\'a0     cans (16.3 oz each) Pillsbury\'ae Grands!\'ae Homestyle refrigerated    \
                    buttermilk biscuits\
		1/2\'a0  cup chopped walnuts, if desired\
		1/2\'a0  cup raisins, if desired\
		1\'a0     cup firmly packed brown sugar\
		3/4\'a0  cup butter 		\
Heat oven to 350\'b0F. Lightly grease 12-cup fluted tube pan with shortening or cooking spray. In large -storage plastic food bag, mix granulated sugar and cinnamon.\
Separate dough into 16 biscuits; cut each into quarters. Shake in bag to coat. Arrange in pan, adding walnuts and raisins among the biscuit pieces.\
In a saucepan, melt the butter and brown sugar over low heat, stirring well and pour over biscuit pieces.\
Bake 28 to 32 minutes or until golden brown and no longer doughy in center. Cool in pan 10 minutes. Turn upside down onto serving plate; pull apart to serve. Serve warm.\
Cream Cheese Glaze\
               3 ounces cream cheese, softened\
               3 tablespoons powdered sugar\
               2 tablespoons milk, plus extra if needed\
               1/4 teaspoon vanilla extract\
Beat cream cheese with powdered sugar until smooth and light. Add milk and vanilla.\
Drizzle the glaze over warm monkey bread, letting it run over top and sides of bread. Serve warm.\
\
\

\fs34 \
\
\
}