{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red17\green17\blue17;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12240\viewh10460\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa400\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs72 \cf2 Lemon Poppy Seed Muffins II
\f1\b0\fs56 \uc0\u8232 
\f0\fs46 Yields:  12 muffins\

\fs62 2 cups all purpose flour
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 1 tsp baking powder
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 1/2 tsp kosher salt
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 1/4 tsp baking soda
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 1/2 cup Greek yogurt
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 1/2 cup milk
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 2 Tbsp fresh lemon juice
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 1 cup granulated sugar
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 1/2 cup (1 stick) unsalted butter, room temperature
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 1 Tbsp grated lemon zest
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 2 large eggs
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 2 tsp poppy seeds\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa400\ql\qnatural

\i \cf2 Glaze
\i0 :
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 6 Tbsp confectioners sugar
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 4 tsp lemon juice\
Set oven rack in middle of the oven. Preheat oven to 350\'b0F. Line muffin pan with paper liners.\
Whisk flour, baking powder, 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt, and baking soda in medium bowl. Whisk yogurt,\'a0 milk and lemon juice in small bowl to blend. Using electric mixer, beat sugar, butter, and lemon zest in large bowl to blend. Add eggs 1 at a time, beating well after each addition until mixture is light and fluffy, occasionally scraping down sides of bowl. Beat in dry ingredients in 3 additions alternately with buttermilk mixture in 2 additions. Mix just until blended. Stir in poppy seeds. Spoon batter into prepared muffin cups by generous tablespoonfuls.\
Bake muffins until tester inserted into center comes out clean, 20 \'96 22 minutes. Cool in pans 5 minutes. Remove muffins from pans and cool on rack.\
Whisk confectioners sugar & 4 tsp of lemon juice until smooth. Spoon glaze over tops of muffins.}