{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs54 \cf0 Maple-Oatmeal Scones\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs34 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 14 large scones\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs46 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}3 1/2 cups {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/flour/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 all-purpose flour}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/whole-wheat-flour/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 whole-wheat flour}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup quick-cooking oats, plus additional for sprinkling\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons baking powder\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sugar/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 granulated sugar}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 teaspoons salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 pound cold {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/butter/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 unsalted butter}}, diced\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup cold buttermilk\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup pure maple syrup\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 extra-large eggs, lightly beaten\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 egg beaten with 1 tablespoon milk or water, for egg wash\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 Glaze:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs46 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 1/4 cups confectioners' sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup pure maple syrup\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon pure {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/extracts/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 vanilla extract}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs46 \cf0 Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.\
In the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with a paddle attachment, combine the flours, oats, baking powder, sugar, and salt. Blend the cold butter in at the lowest speed and mix until the butter is in pea-sized pieces. Combine the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/buttermilk/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 buttermilk}}, maple syrup, and eggs and add quickly to the flour-and-butter mixture. Mix until just blended. The dough may be sticky.\
Dump the dough out onto a well-floured surface and be sure it is combined. Flour your hands and a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/rolling-pin/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 rolling pin}} and roll the dough 3/4 to 1-inch thick. You should see lumps of butter in the dough. Cut into 3-inch rounds with a plain or fluted cutter and place on a baking sheet lined with parchment paper.\
Brush the tops with {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/egg-wash/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 egg wash}}. Bake for 20 to 25 minutes, until the tops are crisp and the insides are done.\
To make the glaze, combine the confectioners' sugar, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/maple-syrup/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 maple syrup}}, and vanilla. When the scones are done, cool for 5 minutes, and drizzle each scone with 1 tablespoon of glaze. I like to sprinkle some uncooked oats on the top, for {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/garnish/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 garnish}}. The warmer the scones are when you glaze them, the thinner the glaze will be.\
}