{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red164\green194\blue114;\red47\green43\blue34;\red45\green57\blue24;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17920\viewh15020\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa400\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs40 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd8\expndtw40
Orange-Scented Blueberry Muffins\

\f1\i\fs38 \cf3 \kerning1\expnd4\expndtw20
makes 9 regular-sized muffins
\f0\i0\fs44 \cf4 \kerning1\expnd8\expndtw40
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li40\ri760\sl360\sa120\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs38 \cf3 \kerning1\expnd4\expndtw20
1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour\uc0\u8232 3/4 cup granulated sugar\u8232 1/2 tsp. kosher salt\u8232 2 tsp. baking powder\u8232 2 tbsp. vegetable oil\u8232 1 egg, at room temperature\u8232 2/3 cup milk\u8232 3/4 tbsp. freshly grated orange zest\u8232 1 cup fresh blueberries, washed and de-stemmed\u8232 softened butter to grease muffin tin\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa380\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs44 \cf4 \kerning1\expnd8\expndtw40
For the crumb topping:\
\pard\pardeftab720\li40\ri760\sl360\sa120\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs38 \cf3 \kerning1\expnd4\expndtw20
1/4 cup granulated sugar\uc0\u8232 1/4 cup brown sugar\u8232 1/3 cup all-purpose flour\u8232 6 tbsp. unsalted butter, chopped into small pieces\u8232 1/2 tsp. ground cinnamon\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa420\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs40 \cf4 \kerning1\expnd8\expndtw40
Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\li40\ri760\sl360\sa120\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs38 \cf3 \kerning1\expnd4\expndtw20
Preheat the oven to 400 degrees.\
Butter muffin tin or line with muffin liners. Set aside.\
Combine flour, 3/4 cup sugar, baking powder and kosher salt in a medium mixing bowl.\
In a separate mixing bowl, combine vegetable oil, egg, milk and orange zest. Add, all at once, to the dry flour mixture. Stir until just moistened. The mixture will be a bit lumpy and thick. If it seems to thick, add 1 tbsp. vegetable oil or milk to thin, though only if necessary. Add the fresh blueberries and gently fold into the mixture. Do not over-mix.\
To make the crumb topping, combine 1/4 cup sugar, brown sugar, 1/3 cup flour, cubed butter and ground cinnamon in a small mixing bowl. Mixture will be lumpy.\
Pour or spoon muffin batter into the buttered (or lined) muffin tin, filling until almost full. Generously sprinkle the crumb topping over the tops of each muffin cup.\
Bake for 20-25 minutes, or until muffin tops are golden brown.\
Remove from heat and cool on a cooling rack for 5 minutes.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural
\cf3 \kerning1\expnd4\expndtw20
Enjoy!
\f0\fs40 \cf4 \kerning1\expnd8\expndtw40
\
}