{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww20600\viewh13560\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs76 \cf0 Orange Sweet Rolls
\b0\fs52 \
Yield:48 rolls\
\

\b\fs64 Ingredients
\b0\fs58 \

\b Dough
\b0 \
2 cups whole milk\
1/2 cup vegetable oil\
1/2 cup granulated sugar\
1 package (2 1/4 teaspoons) active dry yeast\
4 1/2 cups all-purpose flour\
1/2 rounded teaspoon baking powder\
1/2 teaspoon baking soda\
1 teaspoon salt\

\b Filling
\b0 \
1 stick (8 tablespoons) butter, melted\
8 tablespoons orange marmalade\
1 cup lightly packed brown sugar, plus more as needed\
1/4 teaspoon salt\

\b Icing
\b0 \
Zest and juice of 2 oranges\
4 cups powdered sugar, sifted\
Dash of salt\
1/2 cup whole milk, more if needed for a pourableconsistency\
1/2 stick (4 tablespoons) butter, melted\
\

\b\fs64 Directions
\b0\fs58 \
For the dough: In a large saucepan over a low heat, heat the milk, oil and granulated sugar until warm but not hot (if you have a candy thermometer, it should be 125 degrees F). Remove from the heat and add the yeast and 4 cups of the flour and stir together. Cover the pan and leave to rise for at least an hour. Stir in the remaining 1/2 cup flour, the baking powder, baking soda and salt.\
For the filling: Roll the dough into a long rectangle, about 30 inches wide by 10 inches deep. You'll want it to be as thin as you can get it so you can add plenty of goo. Drizzle the melted butter all over the surface of the dough. Use your fingers to smear it all around so that it coats evenly.\
Spread the orange marmalade all over the buttered dough, distributing as evenly as you can. Sprinkle plenty of brown sugar all over the marmalade. Finish with a light sprinkling of salt to offset the sweetness.\
Using both hands in a back-and-forth motion, gradually roll the dough towards you into one long log. Pinch the seam to seal it. Then slice the log-o'-dough into 1/2-inch pieces.\
Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Place the rolls in a buttered baking dish and allow them to rise for 20 minutes.\
Bake for 15 to 17 minutes.\
While the rolls are baking, make the icing: Add the orange zest and juice to a bowl. Add the powdered sugar and salt. Splash in the milk. And some more melted butter because the recipe doesn't already have enough. Just kidding on that last part. Whisk it together until it's nice and smooth and lovely. Your kitchen smells like oranges!\
Pull the rolls out of the oven when they're golden brown, and drizzle on the icing right out of the oven. Serve them warm.\
\
\
\
\
\
}