{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red51\green51\blue51;\red84\green84\blue84;\red0\green101\blue159;
}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid4}
{\list\listtemplateid5\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid5}
{\list\listtemplateid6\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid6}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}{\listoverride\listid5\listoverridecount0\ls5}{\listoverride\listid6\listoverridecount0\ls6}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl520\sa80\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs68 \cf0 Pecan Pie Monkey Bread
\fs48 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\fs42 \cf3 Yield:  \cf0 20 servings\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\fs44 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\ql\qnatural

\fs52 \cf0 INGREDIENTS 
\b0\fs48 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\ql\qnatural

\b\fs52 \cf0 DOUGH
\b0\fs48 \cf2 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl440\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}1 package (1/4 ounce) {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/yeast/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 active dry yeast}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup water (110 degrees F to 115 degrees F)\
{\listtext	\'95	}5 cups {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/flour/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 all-purpose flour}}, plus more for dusting\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 to 1/4 cups warm 2-percent {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/milk/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 milk}} (110 degrees F to 115 degrees F)\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl440\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}1/3 cup unsalted butter, melted, plus more for greasing\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 eggs\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\ql\qnatural

\b \cf2 CARAMEL
\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl440\ql\qnatural
\ls3\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}6 tablespoons {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/butter/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 unsalted butter}}, cubed, plus more for greasing\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup packed {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sugar/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 brown sugar}}\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl440\ql\qnatural
\ls4\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}6 tablespoons heavy {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/whipping-cream/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 whipping cream}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}6 tablespoons chopped pecans\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\ql\qnatural

\b \cf2 ASSEMBLY
\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl440\ql\qnatural
\ls5\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}1 cup sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon ground {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cinnamon/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 cinnamon}}\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl440\ql\qnatural
\ls6\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup unsalted butter, melted\
{\listtext	\'95	}6 tablespoons chopped {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/pecan/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 pecans}}\cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa280\ql\qnatural

\b\fs54 \cf2 DIRECTIONS\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs48 \cf2 For the dough: Dissolve the yeast in the water in the bowl of a stand {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/mixer/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 mixer}}. Add 3 cups of the flour, the milk, butter, sugar, salt and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/eggs/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 eggs}}. Beat on medium speed for 3 minutes. Stir in enough of the remaining flour to form a firm dough. Turn out onto a floured surface and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/knead/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 knead}} until smooth and elastic, 6 to 8 minutes. Place in a greased bowl, turning once to {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/grease/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 grease}} the top. Cover and refrigerate overnight.\
For the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/caramel/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 caramel}}: Bring the brown sugar, butter and cream to a boil. Cook and stir for 3 minutes. Pour half into the greased {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/bundt-pan/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 bundt pan}} and sprinkle with the pecans.\
For assembly: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/punch/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 Punch}} the risen dough down and shape into 40 balls (1 to 1 inches in diameter). Mix together the sugar and cinnamon in a shallow bowl.\uc0\u8232 Pour the melted butter into another bowl. Roll the balls in the butter and then roll in the cinnamon-sugar mixture. Place 20 balls in the bundt pan and top with remaining caramel and the pecans. Lastly, place the final 20 balls of dough into the pan. Cover the bundt pan and let rise until doubled, about 45 minutes.\
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.\
Bake until the top is a deep golden brown, 45 to 50 minutes. Cool for 10 minutes before inverting onto a serving plate. Serve warm.\
\cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\ql\qnatural
\cf2 \
\
\
}