{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red84\green84\blue84;\red51\green51\blue51;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl520\sa80\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs64 \cf0 Shoo-Fly Muffins\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\fs38 \cf2 Yield:  \cf0 2 dozen muffins\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\ql\qnatural

\fs52 \cf0 INGREDIENTS\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0\fs48 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}Nonstick cooking spray, for greasing\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 cups all-purpose flour\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cups packed light brown muscovado sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/8 teaspoon fine sea salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}Pinch ground allspice\
{\listtext	\'95	}6 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, cut into pieces\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 cup boiling water\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup molasses\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons canola oil\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon baking soda\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon pure vanilla extract\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\ql\qnatural

\b\fs52 \cf0 DIRECTIONS\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa160\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs48 \cf3 Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line two 12-cup muffin tins with paper baking cups and spray the papers with nonstick cooking spray. \uc0\u8232 \u8232 Mix together the flour, brown sugar, salt and allspice in a large bowl. Cut in the butter until the mixture is crumbly. Set aside 1/2 cup for the topping. Stir the water, molasses, oil, baking soda and vanilla into the remaining flour mixture. \u8232 \u8232 Fill the paper-lined muffin cups two-thirds of the way full with the batter. Sprinkle with the reserved crumb mixture. Bake until a toothpick inserted near the center comes out clean, 20 to 25 minutes. Cool for 10 minutes before removing from the pans and transferring to wire racks to cool.\
}