{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16380\viewh15160\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs58 \cf0 Spinach Gruyere Puff Pastry
\f1\b0\fs38 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\b \cf2 Serves: 
\b0 \cf0 12 to 15 servings\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs42 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 (10-ounce) package frozen chopped {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/spinach/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 spinach}}, thawed\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 tablespoons butter, divided\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup sliced fresh mushrooms\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 ounces Gruyere cheese, grated\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 (17 1/2-ounce) package frozen {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/puff-pastry/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 puff pastry}} sheets, thawed\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/drain/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Drain}} spinach well, pressing between layers of paper towels to remove excess moisture.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/melt/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Melt}} 2 tablespoons butter in a skillet over medium heat. Add mushrooms and cook, for 5 minutes. Stir together spinach, mushrooms and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cheese/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cheese}}; set aside. Roll 1 pastry sheet into a 13 by 11-inch rectangle. Melt remaining 2 tablespoons butter. Brush 1/2 melted butter over pastry. Spread 1/2 spinach mixture over butter. Roll-up, jellyroll fashion, starting with the long side. Repeat procedure with remaining pastry sheet, butter, and spinach mixture. (Wrap rolls in {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/plastic-wrap/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 plastic wrap}} and refrigerate up to 2 days, if desired.) Cut rolls into 1/4-inch thick slices. Place on lightly greased baking sheets. Bake for 15 to 20 minutes, or until golden brown.\
}