{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f2\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13620\viewh14120\viewkind0
\deftab1134
\pard\pardeftab1134\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Apple Crumble with Vanilla Ice Cream
\fs40 \
\pard\pardeftab1134\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs26 \cf2 Serves: 
\b0 \cf0 4 servings
\b \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab1134\sl300\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab1134\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs38 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab1134\li720\fi-720\ri-612\sl400\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0 \cf0 4 Granny Smith apples, cut in half\
\pard\pardeftab1134\ql\qnatural
\cf0 1/4 cup olive or canola oil
\f2\fs30 \

\f1\fs38 1 stick (8 tablespoons) unsalted cold butter, melted
\f2\fs30 \

\f1\fs38 8 tablespoons light brown sugar
\f2\fs30 \

\f1\fs38 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon
\f2\fs30 \

\f1\fs38 1/2 cup granola
\f2\fs30 \

\f1\fs38 1 pint vanilla ice cream
\f2\fs30 \

\f1\fs38 1/2 cup prepared caramel sauce, heated, optional
\f2\fs30 \
\
\pard\pardeftab1134\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs38 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab1134\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0 \cf0 Heat the grill to medium.\
\pard\pardeftab1134\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Place apples in a medium bowl and toss with the oil. Place the apples on the grill, cut-side down and grill until nicely browned. Flip the apples over and continue to grill until nicely browned on skin side. Remove from the grill and allow to cool briefly.
\f2\fs30 \

\f1\fs38 Once they are cool enough to handle, core and cut the apples into wedges. Place the apple wedges into a bowl and toss with 1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 4 tablespoons light brown sugar and 1/2 stick melted butter.
\f2\fs30 \

\f1\fs38 In another bowl, toss together the remaining melted butter, cinnamon, light brown sugar and the granola.
\f2\fs30 \

\f1\fs38 Place 1 large scoop of ice cream into 4 bowls and top with the apple mixture. Sprinkle the granola mixture over the top of the apple and drizzle with some of the caramel sauce, if using.
\f2\fs30 \
\pard\pardeftab1134\ql\qnatural

\fs38 \cf0 \
}