{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red76\green34\blue0;\red80\green80\blue80;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa100\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs48 \cf2 Blackberry Crumble
\f1\fs30 \cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural
\cf3 Serves 6 to 8
\fs24 \
\

\fs44 The apples will remain somewhat firm after the crumble is baked. If you prefer softer apples, cook them in a microwavable dish for 7 minutes before mixing with the berries. The crumble mixture can be made in bulk to have on hand for quick baked fruit desserts. It will keep in the refrigerator for 4 weeks or can be frozen for longer storage.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\b \cf2 Ingredients:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0 \cf3 		4 apples\
		4 cups fresh or frozen blackberries or blueberries\
		2 tsp. cornstarch\
		1/2 cup granulated sugar\
		3/4 cup all-purpose flour\
		3/4 cup firmly packed brown sugar\
		1 cup old-fashioned rolled oats\
		1/2 cup shredded dried coconut\
		1/2 cup chopped almonds\
		2 tsp. ground cinnamon\
		1/2 tsp. ground ginger\
		8 Tbs. (1 stick) unsalted butter, melted\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\b \cf2 Directions:\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf3 Preheat an oven to 325\'b0F. \
\
Peel, core and thinly slice the apples.\
\
In a bowl, stir together the berries, apples, cornstarch and granulated sugar. Spread the fruit mixture in a baking dish that is 12 to 14 inches in diameter. \
\
In a bowl, stir together the flour, brown sugar, oats, coconut, almonds, cinnamon and ginger. Drizzle with the melted butter and toss with a fork to combine. Sprinkle the crumble mixture evenly over the fruit. Bake until golden and crisp, 45 to 50 minutes. Serve warm. \
\
}