{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red76\green34\blue0;\red80\green80\blue80;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15960\viewh18760\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa100\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs46 \cf2 Blackberry Cobbler III\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa240\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs34 \cf3 Serves 8 to 10\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\fs44 \cf3 Instead of using only blackberries, try mixing in some raspberries and blueberries as well. Or replace the blackberries with sliced peaches or nectarines and a handful of dried sour cherries or cranberries. A combination of 3 or 4 plum varieties, all pitted and quartered, is also wonderful. If you like, add a pinch of freshly grated nutmeg or a dash of vanilla or almond extract to the fruit. Or sprinkle a small handful of sliced almonds or chopped pecans over the topping before baking.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\b \cf2 Ingredients:\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural
\cf3 For the filling:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0 \cf3 		6 cups blackberries or a mix of seasonal berries\
		1/3 cup sugar\
		1 Tbs. all-purpose flour\
		1 tsp. finely grated lemon zest\
		Pinch of salt\uc0\u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\b \cf3 For the topping:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\b0 \cf3 		1 1/4 cups all-purpose flour\
		1/3 cup sugar\
		2 tsp. baking powder\
		1/2 tsp. ground cinnamon\
		1/4 tsp. salt\
		1 egg\
		1/2 cup buttermilk\
		6 Tbs. (3/4 stick) unsalted butter, melted and \uc0\u8232 \'a0 cooled\
		1/2 tsp. vanilla extract\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\b \cf2 Directions:\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa240\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf3 Preheat an oven to 375\'baF. Lightly grease a 2-quart baking dish. \uc0\u8232 \u8232 To make the filling, in a bowl, gently toss the berries with the sugar, flour, lemon zest and salt until blended. Pour into the prepared baking dish. \u8232 \u8232 To make the topping, in a bowl, stir together the flour, sugar, baking powder, cinnamon and salt. In another bowl, whisk together the egg, buttermilk, butter and vanilla until well blended. Pour the egg mixture into the flour mixture and, using a rubber spatula, fold gently until the flour is moistened and the mixture forms a soft dough. \u8232 \u8232 Drop heaping spoonfuls of the dough onto the fruit, spacing them evenly; the dough will not completely cover the fruit. Bake until the filling is bubbling, the topping is browned and a toothpick inserted into the topping comes out clean, about 45 minutes. Serve warm or at room temperature. \
}