{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red45\green57\blue24;\red47\green43\blue34;\red61\green61\blue61;
\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww18920\viewh19860\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa420\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs54 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd8\expndtw40
Blueberry Crisp
\b0\fs48 \
For the Filling                                                                                                      
\f1\fs46 \cf3 \kerning1\expnd4\expndtw20
3 cups blueberries about 3 pints                                                                                         1/2 cup sugar                                                                                                                     2 T. cornstarch                                                                                                         1/4 t. lemon zest                                                                                                          pinch of pepper                                                                                                              extra flour and butter for coating the pie dish\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural
\cf3 \kerning1\expnd4\expndtw20
Filling: In a large bowl, combine all of the ingredients.\'a0 Using the back of your spoon, crush about 20 percent of the blueberries so the juice mixes with the cornstarch and thickens the filling.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li40\ri-7960\sl360\sa120\ql\qnatural
\cf3 \kerning1\expnd4\expndtw20
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees. Butter and flour a 10-inch pie tin; set aside. \
Place the dough in the pie dish and trim off excess.\
Crimp edges (the crust will shrink some in the oven once baked so don\'92t cut off too much). Use a fork to poke holes around the sides and bottom of the crust and chill until firm, about 20 min. Cover with a piece of parchment paper and fill it with dried beans or baking beans. Bake until the crimped edges are firm, about 10-15 min. Remove the parchment paper and beans and bake until the bottom is firm, about another 10-15 min. Fill the crust with the berry mixture, spreading evenly, and top with the crumble. Place on a parchment paper-lined baking sheet and bake until the filling starts to bubble, one hour to one hour and twenty minutes, depending on your oven. Remove and cool on a wire rack.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural

\b\fs52 \cf4 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\sa80\ql\qnatural

\fs50 \cf4 For the topping:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0\fs46 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 cup {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/flour/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 all-purpose flour}}\cf5 \
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup granulated sugar\cf0 \
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup light brown sugar, lightly packed\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon kosher salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup oatmeal\
{\listtext	\'95	}12 tablespoons (1 1/2 sticks) cold {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/butter/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 unsalted butter}}, diced\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa180\ql\qnatural

\fs50 \cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\fs46 \cf0 For the topping, in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, combine the flour, the remaining 1/2 cup granulated sugar, the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sugar/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 brown sugar}}, salt and oatmeal. With the mixer on low speed, add the butter and mix until the dry ingredients are moist and the mixture is in crumbles. Sprinkle the topping over the fruit, covering it completely, and bake for 1 hour, until the fruit is bubbling and the topping is golden brown. Serve warm with ice cream.\
\
\
\
\

\fs52 \cf4 \
}