{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red43\green43\blue43;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww19440\viewh20240\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa200\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs56 \cf2 Classic Apple Crisp
\fs50 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li200\ri920\sl400\sa400\ql\qnatural
\cf2 Serves 12\
\pard\pardeftab720\li200\ri920\sl400\sa400\ql\qnatural

\b \cf2 Ingredients
\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl380\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}7-8 large baking apples (about 10 cups)\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup sugar (less if you use sweeter apples)\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon all-purpose flour\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon cinnamon\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 teaspoon nutmeg\
\pard\pardeftab720\li200\ri920\sl400\sa400\ql\qnatural

\b \cf2 Topping
\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl380\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}1 cup rolled oats\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup all-purpose flour\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup brown sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon cinnamon\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 teaspoon each baking powder and baking soda\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup butter, softened\
\pard\pardeftab720\li200\ri920\sl400\sa400\ql\qnatural

\b \cf2 Preparation
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li200\ri-9380\sl400\sa400\ql\qnatural
\cf2 Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Peel and core apples. Slice in quarters, and cut each slice across in half.\
In a large bowl, mix with sugar, flour, cinnamon and nutmeg. Transfer to a 9 x 13-inch pan.\
Combine oats, flour, brown sugar, cinnamon, baking powder, baking soda and butter. Crumble over the apple mixture and bake the crisp for about 45 minutes.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li200\ri920\sl400\sa400\ql\qnatural

\b \cf2 The best apples for baking:
\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl380\ql\qnatural
\ls3\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}Jonathans: Deep red, classic apples. They're tart, tangy pie favorites.\
{\listtext	\'95	}Jonagolds: The best of Jonathan and Golden Delicious - firm flesh and a sweet-tart taste.\
{\listtext	\'95	}Honeycrisp: Sweet, juicy and crisp, it stays firm when baking. Pair with a tart apple in pies and crisps.\
{\listtext	\'95	}Granny Smith: The classic baking apple, tart and tangy with a firm flesh.\
{\listtext	\'95	}Melrose: A cross between Red Delicious and Jonathan with a good tart apple taste.\
{\listtext	\'95	}Winesap: Tart and spicy, this apple stores well and stays firm when baking. Great for applesauce, too.\
{\listtext	\'95	}Braeburn: Firm with a spicy-sweet flavor. It keeps its shape when baking.\
{\listtext	\'95	}Cortland: A relative of the McIntosh with a touch of tartness. Keeps its shape in baking.\
{\listtext	\'95	}Gala: Crisp and keeps its shape. Its natural sweetness means you can use less sugar.\
}