{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red164\green194\blue114;\red47\green43\blue34;\red45\green57\blue24;
\red96\green124\blue51;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13420\viewh14340\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa400\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs58 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd8\expndtw40
Fresh Peach Cobbler\
\pard\pardeftab720\li40\ri760\sl360\sa120\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs42 \cf3 \kerning1\expnd4\expndtw20
1/2 cup unsalted butter\uc0\u8232 1 cup all-purpose flour\u8232 1 1/2 cups sugar, divided into 3/4 cup each\u8232 1 tbsp. baking powder\u8232 1/4 tsp. kosher salt\u8232 1 cup milk\u8232 4 cups (about 4 large) fresh yellow peaches, cut into slices\u8232 1 tbsp. fresh lemon juice\u8232 1/4 tsp. lemon zest\u8232 1/4 tsp. cinnamon\u8232 1/8 tsp. nutmeg\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa380\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs48 \cf4 \kerning1\expnd8\expndtw40
Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\li40\ri760\sl360\sa120\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs42 \cf3 \kerning1\expnd4\expndtw20
Preheat oven to 375 degrees.\
Melt butter in a large baking dish or dutch oven.\
Combine flour, 3/4 cup sugar, baking powder and kosher salt in a medium bowl. Add milk and stir just until dry ingredients are incorporated. Without stirring, pour batter over melted butter.\
Heat remaining 3/4 cup sugar, fresh peach slices, lemon juice, lemon zest, cinnamon and nutmeg over medium-high heat, stirring constantly. Cook until sugar has melted and all ingredients are fully mixed. Without stirring, pour the peach mixture over the batter. Don\'92t worry: the crust will form over the peaches during baking. Sprinkle cobbler crust with additional cinnamon or nutmeg, if desired.\
Bake cobbler for 40-45 minutes or until golden brown. Serve cobbler along with {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.asweetpeachef.com/sweets/homemade-vanilla-ice-cream/"}}{\fldrslt 
\f2\b \cf5 \kerning1\expnd4\expndtw20
Homemade Vanilla Ice Cream}}, if desired.\
\'a0\
Enjoy!}