{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;
\f3\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17620\viewh15680\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl500\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs92 \cf0 Granny Smith Apple Crisp
\b0\fs78 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\fs58 \cf0 Servings:
\b   
\b0 12
\b \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f2\b0\fs70 \cf0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl300\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f3\b\fs64 \cf0 {\listtext	.	}
\b0 3 pounds Granny Smith apples\'97peeled, cored and thinly sliced\
{\listtext	.	}2 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice\
{\listtext	.	}1/2 cup granulated sugar\
{\listtext	.	}1 stick unsalted butter, finely diced and chilled, plus 2 tablespoons\
{\listtext	.	}1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour\
{\listtext	.	}1 1/2 cups light brown sugar\
{\listtext	.	}3/4 cup rolled oats (not quick-cooking)\
{\listtext	.	}1 teaspoon ground cinnamon\
{\listtext	.	}1/2 teaspoon fine sea salt\
{\listtext	.	}Scant 1/2 teaspoon ground cardamom\
	\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl420\ql\qnatural
\ls3\ilvl0
\f0\fs66 \cf0 {\listtext	1.	}Preheat the oven to 350\'b0. In a large bowl, toss the apples with the lemon juice and granulated sugar. In a very large skillet, melt the 2 tablespoons of butter. Add the apples and cook over moderate heat, stirring occasionally, until softened but not browned, about 5 minutes. Scrape the apples into a large baking dish.
\b \
\ls3\ilvl0
\b0 {\listtext	2.	}Wipe out the bowl. Add the flour, brown sugar, oats, cinnamon, salt, cardamom and the 1 stick of diced butter and, using your fingers, rub the butter into the dry ingredients until the mixture resembles coarse meal. Press the topping into clumps and scatter it over the apples.
\b \
\ls3\ilvl0
\b0 {\listtext	3.	}Bake the crisp for 45 to 50 minutes, until the apples are bubbling and the topping is golden. Let cool, then serve warm with cr\'e8me fra\'eeche or ice cream.
\b \
}