{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs68 \cf0 Mixed Berry Cobbler\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs52 \cf0 Yield 6 servings
\f0\b\fs68 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\fs62 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 For the Filling:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs60 \cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cooking-spray/index.html"}}{\fldrslt Cooking spray}}\cf0 \
{\listtext	\'95	}2 (12-ounce) bags frozen mixed berries, thawed (about 6 cups)\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/whole-wheat-flour/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 whole-wheat flour}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 orange, zest finely grated (about 2 teaspoons)\
{\listtext	\'95	}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs62 \cf0 For the topping:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs60 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup whole-wheat flour\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/flour/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 all-purpose flour}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons plus 1 teaspoon sugar, divided\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon baking powder\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 teaspoon baking soda\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 teaspoon salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons chilled {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/butter/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 unsalted butter}}, cut into small pieces\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/3 cup lowfat {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/buttermilk/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 buttermilk}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/canola-oil/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 canola oil}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs62 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs60 \cf0 Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Coat an 8 by 8-inch baking dish with cooking spray.\
In a large bowl, toss the berries with {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/whole-wheat-flour/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 whole wheat flour}}, sugar and zest. Transfer the berry mixture to the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cookware-and-bakeware-materials/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 baking dish}} and set aside.\
In a medium bowl whisk together the whole-wheat flour, all-purpose flour, 2 tablespoons of sugar, baking powder, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/baking-soda/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 baking soda}} and salt. Cut in the butter using 2 knives or a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/pastry/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 pastry}} cutter until many small pebble-sized pieces are formed.\
In a small bowl or pitcher, whisk together the buttermilk and oil. Add the buttermilk-oil mixture to the dry ingredients and mix until just moistened. Do not over mix. Drop the batter onto the fruit forming 6 mounds. Sprinkle with the remaining teaspoon of sugar. Bake for 30 minutes, until fruit is bubbly and top is golden. Let stand for at least 10 minutes before serving.\
}