{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww18700\viewh20280\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs70 \cf0 Peach Cobbler I\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs50 \cf2 Serves:
\b   
\b0 \cf0 8 servings\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs48 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs58 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Filling:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs56 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}3 pounds ripe peaches, peeled, pitted and sliced, about 8 cups\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 pint {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/blackberry/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 blackberries}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 pint {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/blueberry/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 blueberries}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/lemon/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 lemon juice}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons tapioca flour\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs58 \cf0 Dough:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs56 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}2 cups {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/flour/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 all-purpose flour}}, plus more as needed\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons baking powder\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sugar/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 brown sugar}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/buttermilk/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 buttermilk}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs58 \cf0 Topping:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls3\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs56 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/butter/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 unsalted butter}}, cut into 8 small pats\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs58 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs56 \cf0 Preheat an oven to 350 degrees F.\
Filling: Add the fruit to a large bowl and sprinkle with lemon juice, sugar and tapioca flour. Toss the ingredients until they are coated.\
Dough: In a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/food-processor/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 food processor}}, combine the flour, baking powder and sugars and pulse 3 to 4 times. Slowly pour in the buttermilk and mix until the dough comes together. Remove the dough from the processor and turn out on a lightly floured board. Divide the dough into 3/4 and 1/4 portions. Press the larger amount into the bottom of a 12-inch cast iron skillet. Add the filling and top with 6 to 8 even dollops of the remaining dough.\
Topping: Sprinkle the dough tops with the cinnamon and sugar and evenly dot the butter over the cobbler. Put the skillet in the oven and bake until bubbly, about 50 minutes. Remove from the oven and let cool for 15 minutes. Serve hot.\
}