{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17060\viewh18400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs54 \cf0 Peach and Blueberry Crumble
\f1\b0\fs34 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\b \cf2 Serves: 
\b0 \cf0 5 to 6 servings\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs40 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 For the fruit:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs38 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}2 pounds firm, ripe peaches (6 to 8 peaches)\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 teaspoons grated {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/lemon/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 lemon}} {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/zest/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 zest}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup granulated sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup all-purpose flour\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup fresh blueberries (1/2 pint)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs40 \cf0 For the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/crumble/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 crumble}}:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs38 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 cup all-purpose flour\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/3 cup granulated sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup light brown sugar, lightly packed\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/salt/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 kosher salt}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 teaspoon ground {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cinnamon/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cinnamon}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 pound (1 stick) cold unsalted butter, diced\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs40 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs38 \cf0 Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.\
Immerse the peaches in boiling water for 30 seconds to 1 minute, until their skins peel off easily. Place them immediately in cold water. Peel the peaches, slice them into thick wedges, and place them in a large bowl. Add the lemon zest, lemon juice, granulated sugar, and flour. Toss well. Gently mix in the blueberries. Allow the mixture to sit for 5 minutes. Spoon the mixture into ramekins or custard cups.\
For the topping, combine the flour, granulated sugar, brown sugar, salt, cinnamon, and the butter in the bowl of an electric {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/mixer/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 mixer}} fitted with a paddle attachment. Mix on low speed until the butter is the size of peas. Rub the mixture with your fingertips until it's in big crumbles, then sprinkle evenly over the fruit. Place the ramekins on a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sheet-pan/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 sheet pan}} lined with parchment paper and bake for 40 to 45 minutes, until the tops are browned and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/crisp/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 crisp}} and the juices are bubbly. Serve warm or at room temperature.\
If you want to make these early, store the unbaked crumbles in the refrigerator and bake before dinner.\
\
}