{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9260\viewh11680\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0  RASPBERRY-PEAR CRUMBLE 
\f1\b0\fs24 \

\f0\b\fs28  
\f1\b0\fs24 \

\f0\b\fs28 Serves: 6-8 
\f1\b0\fs24 \

\f0\fs28  
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 2 pints fresh raspberries, picked over 
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 1 large ripe pear (Asian or Bartlett), peeled, cored, and diced 
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 2 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice 
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 3\uc0\u8260 4 cup all-purpose flour 
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 1\uc0\u8260 2 cup granulated sugar  
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 1 teaspoon grated lemon zest 
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 2 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice 
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 1/2 cup coarsely crumbled biscotti or gingersnap cookie crumbs  
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 1\uc0\u8260 2 cup firmly packed brown sugar 
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 6 tablespoons (3\uc0\u8260 4 stick) cold unsalted butter, cut into 1-inch pieces  
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 Pinch of salt  
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 Vanilla ice cream (optional), for serving 
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28  
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28  
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 Pick through the raspberries, removing any stems, leaves, or bruised berries. 
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 Place the berries and the diced pear in a large nonreactive mixing bowl. 
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 Drizzle with the lemon juice and stir gently.  Add 1/4 cup of the flour and 
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 the granulated sugar, and the lemon zest and gently toss to mix.  Lightly\
spray the aluminum foil pan with cooking spray.  Spoon the raspberry-pear 
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 mixture into the aluminum foil pan. 
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28  
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 Place the biscotti crumbs, brown sugar, and the remaining 1/2 cup of flour in 
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 a food processor fitted with the metal blade and process until a coarse 
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 powder forms. Add the butter and salt, then pulse until the mixture is coarse 
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 and crumbly. Spoon the topping over the filling. 
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 \
Cook the crumble until the filling is bubbling and the topping is browned.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28    
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 Variation: For an outrageously delicious twist on this crumble, replace the 
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 raspberries and pear with blueberries and peaches.  (Raspberries and peaches 
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 are good together, too.) \
\
createtv.com\
primalgrill.org
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\b\fs28  
\f1\b0\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 \
 \
}