{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red34\green34\blue34;\red94\green90\blue87;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11660\viewh17300\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl740\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs74 \cf2 Raspberry-Rhubarb Grunt
\f1\b\fs22 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl220\ql\qnatural
\cf2 Yield 
\b0 \cf3 Serves 8
\f0\fs40 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl460\sa200\ql\qnatural
\cf2 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\sa120\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\fs24 \cf3 		
\fs34 1 cup sugar\
		1/4 teaspoon plus a pinch of ground cinnamon\
		3/4 cup all-purpose flour\
		3/4 teaspoon baking powder\
		Salt\
		1/4 teaspoon ground ginger\
		1/3 cup whole milk, room temperature\
		2 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted\
		4 cups raspberries (about 1 1/2 pints)\
		1 pound rhubarb, leaves discarded, stalks cut into 1/2-inch pieces\
		2 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice\
		Heavy cream, for drizzling\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl460\sa200\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs40 \cf2 Directions\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\sa240\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\fs24 \cf3 {\listtext	.	}
\fs34 Stir together 2 tablespoons sugar and 1/4 teaspoon cinnamon in a small bowl; set aside. Whisk together flour, 2 tablespoons sugar, baking powder, pinch of salt, and ginger in a medium bowl. Stir together milk and butter in another small bowl. Stir milk-butter mixture into flour mixture and set batter aside.\
{\listtext	.	}Gently fold together raspberries, rhubarb, lemon juice, remaining 3/4 cup sugar, pinch of salt, remaining pinch of cinnamon, and 2 tablespoons water in a large bowl. Transfer fruit mixture to a large straight-sided skillet. Cover and bring to a boil over medium-high heat, stirring occasionally.\
{\listtext	.	}Using two spoons, drop 8 large dollops of batter on top of fruit mixture, spacing them evenly. Sprinkle with reserved cinnamon-sugar mixture. Cover; reduce heat to medium. Cook until batter is cooked through and juices are bubbling, about 15 minutes. Serve warm drizzled with cream.}