{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs58 \cf0 Rhubarb Peach Cobbler\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs38 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 6 to 8 servings\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs42 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}9 1/2 ounces all purpose flour, approximately 2 cups\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 ounce {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sugar/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 sugar}}, approximately 2 tablespoons, plus 1 cup sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon freshly grated lime zest\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon kosher salt, plus 1/4 teaspoon\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 1/2 ounces {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/butter/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 unsalted butter}}, chilled and cut into small pieces, plus extra for dish\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 ounces lard, chilled and cut into small pieces\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 ounces ice water, approximately 3 tablespoons\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cornstarch/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cornstarch}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 pound rhubarb, chopped into 1/2-inch pieces\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 pound sliced {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/peach/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 peaches}}, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/peel/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 peel}} on and sliced into 1/2 to 1-inch pieces\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon freshly squeezed lime juice\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Place a piece of aluminum foil on the bottom rack to catch any {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/drippings/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 drippings}}. Butter a 9 by 9-inch glass {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cookware-and-bakeware-materials/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 baking dish}} and set aside.\
Place the flour, 1-ounce sugar, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/lime/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 lime}} {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/zest/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 zest}}, and 1 teaspoon salt into the bowl of a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/food-processor/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 food processor}} and pulse 3 to 4 times. Add the butter and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/lard/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 lard}} and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/pulse/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 pulse}} until the mixture just becomes crumbly. Sprinkle or {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/spritz/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 spritz}} the mixture with the ice water a little at a time and process just until the dough holds together when squeezed in a fist. Place the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/dough/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 dough}} into a 1 gallon zip top bag and form into a disk. Place the dough into the refrigerator for at least 30 minutes, while you prepare the filling.\
In a medium mixing bowl {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/whisk/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 whisk}} together the 1 cup of sugar, cornstarch, and 1/4 teaspoon of salt. Stir in the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/rhubarb/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 rhubarb}}, peaches, and lime juice.\
Remove 1/3 of the dough from the bag, pinch into pieces and distribute evenly in the bottom of the prepared dish. With the remaining dough still in the bag, roll it out to a sheet large enough to cover the top of the dish. Pour the fruit mixture into the dish and top with the dough that has been removed from the bag, pressing the dough into the corners of the dish. Bake, uncovered, for 60 minutes or until the dough is cooked through and starting to turn golden. *If using frozen fruit, increase cooking time to 90 minutes.\
Change the oven setting to {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/broil/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 broil}} and continue to cook until golden brown, approximately 3 minutes. Remove from the oven and allow to stand for 15 to 30 minutes before serving.}