{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red61\green61\blue61;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15900\viewh13260\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri1000\sl500\sa80\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs54 \cf2 Skillet Granola-Apple Crisp\

\fs48 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa140\ql\qnatural

\fs46 \cf2 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl420\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0 \cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}3 tablespoons unsalted butter\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 cups store-bought oat granola\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons all-purpose flour\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon sugar, plus 1/4 cup\
{\listtext	\'95	}5 crisp apples, such as Fuji or Gala (about 2 1/2 pounds), peeled, cored and cut into 1/2-inch pieces\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon pumpkin pie spice\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa180\ql\qnatural
\cf2 1. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.\
2. Melt the butter in a medium nonreactive and oven safe skillet over medium heat. Add the granola, 1 tablespoon of the flour and 1 tablespoon sugar and toss until the sugar is dissolved and the granola is well-coated. Transfer to a bowl; set aside. (Reserve the skillet.)\
3. Pour the apples into the skillet; toss with the pumpkin pie spice, lemon juice and remaining 1/4 cup sugar. Cook, stirring occasionally, until the apples are juicy and slightly softened, 5 to 7 minutes. Stir in the remaining 1 tablespoon flour. Scatter the reserved granola mixture evenly over the top and transfer the skillet to the oven. Bake until the crisp is bubbling and the apples are tender, about 35 to 40 minutes. Serve warm.\
\
}