{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;
\f3\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid4}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww24100\viewh21360\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl500\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs84 \cf0 Skillet Biscuits with Berries
\b0\fs78 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\fs50 \cf0 Servings:
\b   
\b0 8
\b\fs58 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\fs66 \cf2 		
\f2\b0\fs70 \cf0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl300\ql\qnatural
\ls3\ilvl0
\f3\b\fs64 \cf0 {\listtext	
\b0 .	}1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour\
{\listtext	.	}2 tablespoons light brown sugar\
{\listtext	.	}1 1/2 teaspoons baking powder\
{\listtext	.	}1/2 teaspoon salt\
{\listtext	.	}1 1/2 sticks cold unsalted butter, cut into 1/4-inch pieces\
{\listtext	.	}1/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons half-and-half\
{\listtext	.	}3/4 cup granulated sugar, plus more for sprinkling\
{\listtext	.	}12 ounces raspberries\
{\listtext	.	}12 ounces blackberries\
{\listtext	.	}1 1/2 teaspoons finely grated orange zest\
{\listtext	.	}1 cinnamon stick
\b \
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl420\ql\qnatural
\ls4\ilvl0
\f0\b0\fs66 \cf0 {\listtext	1.	}In a large bowl, combine the flour, brown sugar, baking powder and salt. Using a pastry blender, cut in the butter until the mixture resembles coarse meal. Add the half-and-half and stir until the dough is evenly moistened. Using an ice cream scoop or a large spoon, scoop the dough into 8 loose mounds and place on a wax paper\'96lined baking sheet.
\b \
\ls4\ilvl0
\b0 {\listtext	2.	}Preheat the broiler and position a rack 6 inches from the heat. In a large, deep, ovenproof skillet, combine the 3/4 cup of granulated sugar with the berries, orange zest, cinnamon stick and 1 cup of water and bring to a vigorous boil. Simmer over moderate heat, stirring occasionally, until the berries are juicy and just broken down, 10 minutes.
\b \
\ls4\ilvl0
\b0 {\listtext	3.	}Arrange the mounds of dough on top of the fruit. Cover and simmer over very low heat until the biscuits are springy to the touch and cooked through, 15 minutes. Sprinkle the biscuits with granulated sugar and broil for 5 minutes, shifting the pans as necessary, until the biscuits are lightly browned in spots. Let cool slightly and discard the cinnamon stick. }