{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14980\viewh20540\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs64 \cf0 Skillet Blueberry-Peach Cobbler
\b0\fs54 \

\fs40 Yields:  6 servings\

\fs48 \

\b\fs60 Ingredients
\b0\fs54 \

\b Filling
\b0 \
1/2 cup sugar\
1/2 t. cinnamon\
1/2 t. salt\
1 T. cornstarch\
3 large peaches\
2 1/2 cups blueberries\
1 T. fresh lemon juice\
Lemon zest\

\b Biscuit Topping
\b0 \
1 1/2 cups flour\
2 t. baking powder\
1/2 t. baking soda\
1 1/2 tablespoons sugar\
3/4 t. salt\
6 T. cold unsalted butter, cut into small pieces or grated\
1/2 cup buttermilk\
\

\b\fs60 Directions\

\b0 Pre heat oven to 400 degrees F.\

\b For the filling:
\b0 \
In a large mixing bowl, combine the sugar, cinnamon, salt, and cornstarch.  Add the peaches, and blueberries, and mix, coating the fruit evenly with the sugar mixture.  Toss with the lemon juice and zest.  Put the fruit filling in a cast iron skillet and place in the oven for 16 to 20 minutes.  In the meantime, make the biscuit dough.\

\b For the topping:\

\b0 Place the flour, baking powder, baking soda, sugar, and salt in a food processor.  Pulse a few times to mix ingredients.  Place the chilled butter into the dry ingredients and pulse until the mixture resembles coarse meal.  Place mixture into a bowl.  Add buttermilk and stir just until moistened.\
Carefully remove the skillet from the oven, and drop 6 to 8 (1/2 cup) portions of biscuit dough on top of the cooked fruit, spacing the mounds about a 1/2-inch apart.\
Increase the oven temperature to 435 degrees F and bake until the biscuits are golden brown on top and the fruit is bubbling, about 30 minutes.  Allow to cool for 15 minutes before serving.\
\
 
\b \

\b0\fs54 \
}