{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red106\green106\blue106;\red80\green80\blue80;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15260\viewh16040\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\li300\sl560\sa120\qc

\f0\fs56 \cf2 Strawberry Rhubarb Crumble\
\pard\pardeftab720\li660\sl360\sa300\ql\qnatural

\i\fs40 \cf3 Feel free to experiment with the amount of sugar in this based on how sweet your berries are. For example, try it with 1/2 cup sugar tossed with the fruit, and make note - you might want it more/less sweet the next time around.
\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li200\sl380\sa300\ql\qnatural
\cf3 butter for greasing skillet/pan (about 1 tablespoon)\
3/4 cup / 3 oz / 85 g spelt flour
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 2/3 cup / 3 oz / 85 pine nuts, lightly toasted
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 1/2 cup / 1.5 oz / 45 g rolled oats
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 1/2 cup / 2 oz / 60 g natural cane sugar
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 1/2 teaspoon fine grain sea salt
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 1/8 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 1/3 cup / 2.5 oz / 75 g unsalted butter, melted\
1 tablespoon cornstarch
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 1/2 cup / 2 oz / 60 g natural cane sugar (or Muscovado sugar)\
1/2 lb. / 8 ounces / 225 g hulled medium strawberries, cut into quarters\
12 ounces trimmed rhubarb, sliced into 3/4-inch pieces
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 1/4 cup / 60 ml port wine (optional)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li660\sl360\sa300\ql\qnatural
\cf3 Preheat the oven to 375F / 190C, with a rack in the middle. Butter a 10-inch round gratin dish (pictured), or a 9x9 square baking dish.\
Combine the flour, pine nuts, oats, sugar, salt, and pepper together in a bowl. Use a fork to stir in the butter, squeeze into a few patties, then place in the freezer to chill at least ten minutes.\
Make the filling by whisking together the cornstarch and sugar in a large mixing bowl. Add the strawberries and rhubarb, and toss until evenly coated. Wait three minutes, add the port and toss again. Transfer the filling to the prepared pan, remove the topping from the freezer, and crumble across the top of the filling - make sure you have big pieces and small.\
Bake for 35 - 40 minutes, or until the topping is deeply golden and the fruit juices are vigorously bubbling. You'll want to let things cool a bit before serving, 20 - 30 minutes.\
Serves a small crowd, 8 - 12 servings.\
}