{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red243\green240\blue231;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14320\viewh16600\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs66 \cf0 \cb2 Strawberry Shortcake
\fs50 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa80\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \

\fs58 INGREDIENTS\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\fs48 \cf0 Buttermilk Biscuits
\b0\fs54 \
3
\b  
\b0 cups flour\
4
\b  
\b0 teaspoons baking powder\
1
\b  
\b0 teaspoon baking soda\
1/3
\b  
\b0 cup sugar\
1 1/2
\b  
\b0 teaspoons salt\
3/4
\b  
\b0 cup (1 1/2 sticks) cold unsalted butter, cut into small pieces or grated\
1
\b  
\b0 cup buttermilk\
2
\b  
\b0 tablespoons heavy cream\
1/4
\b  
\b0 cup turbinado sugar\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa120\ql\qnatural

\b\fs48 \cf0 Strawberry Filling
\fs46 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\sa100\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0\fs50 \cf0 8
\b  
\b0 cups strawberries (about 2 pounds), rinsed, stemmed, and sliced\
1/4
\b  
\b0 cup sugar\
1
\b  
\b0 tablespoon fresh lemon juice\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa120\ql\qnatural

\fs54 \cf0 Whipped Cream
\b\fs46 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\sa100\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\b0\fs50 \cf0 2
\b  
\b0 cups heavy whipping cream\
1
\b  
\b0 tablespoon sugar\
1
\b  
\b0 teaspoon vanilla extract\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa80\ql\qnatural

\b\fs58 \cf0 DIRECTIONS\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa460\ql\qnatural

\fs50 \cf0 For the biscuits: 
\b0 \uc0\u8232 Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper. 
\b \uc0\u8232 
\b0 Whisk the flour, baking powder, baking soda, sugar, and salt in a large mixing bowl. \uc0\u8232 Using a food processor, pastry cutter, or your fingertips incorporate the chilled butter pieces into the dry ingredients until the mixture resembles coarse meal. \u8232 Add the buttermilk and stir just until moistened. On the prepared baking sheet, drop 1/3 cup dough for each biscuit, spacing the mounds about 2-inches apart. Brush with heavy cream, and sprinkle with sugar. \u8232 Bake until the biscuits are golden brown on top, about 15 to 20 minutes, or until a tester comes out clean. \
Place the sliced strawberries in a large bowl. Add the lemon juice, and sugar and gently toss. Let the berries macerate for 30 minutes until the juices develop. 
\b \uc0\u8232 For the whipped cream: 
\b0 \uc0\u8232 Just before serving, whip the heavy cream using an electric mixer with the sugar, and vanilla extract until it holds soft peaks. 
\b \uc0\u8232 To serve the biscuits: 
\b0 \uc0\u8232 Slice the biscuits in half horizontally. Place the bottoms of the biscuits on plates, and divide the prepared berries and a spoonful of whipped cream evenly among the biscuits. Cover with the top portion of the biscuit and serve alongside additional berries and juices.\
}