{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red51\green51\blue51;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs50 \cf2 Wild Blueberry Buckle\

\itap1\trowd \taflags4 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth17320\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt220 \clpadl220 \clpadb220 \clpadr220 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs32 \cf2 Serves 8-10\
\
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\i\fs44 \cf2 for the topping
\i0 \
4 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened\
6 tablespoons flour\
1/2 cup sugar\
1/4 teaspoon kosher salt\
3/4 teaspoons ground cinnamon\
1/8 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg\
\

\i for the cake
\i0 \
1 3/4 cups flour \{plus more for pan\}\
1/2 teaspoon kosher salt\
2 teaspoons baking powder
\f0 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f1 \cf2 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened \{plus more for pan\}\
1 cup sugar\
2 teaspoons vanilla extract\
1 egg\
1/2 cup milk\
1 pound fresh wild blueberries \{or any fresh berry\}, washed & picked over\

\f0 \

\f1 Preheat the oven to 350 degrees.\'a0 Prepare a 9" springform pan by greasing the sides & bottom with butter, then dusting all over with flour.\'a0 Tap out the excess flour & set the pan aside.\
For the topping, combine all of the ingredients in a mixing bowl & stir until combined.\'a0 Set aside.\
For the cake, whisk together the flour, salt & baking powder in a mixing bowl.\'a0 Add the sugar & butter to the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with a paddle attachment.\'a0 Beat until the mixture is light & fluffy \{about 1 minute\}.\'a0 Add the egg & vanilla, beat until smooth.\'a0 Pour in half of the flour mixture, then the milk, followed by the remaining dry ingredients.\'a0 Beat after each addition. \'a0 Remove the bowl from the mixer & gently fold in the blueberries.\
Pour the batter into the prepared pan & sprinkle the topping over it.\'a0 Bake for 1 1/2 hours, or until the center is set.\'a0 Let the cake cool before removing from the pan.\'a0 Serve with vanilla ice cream.\cell \lastrow\row
}