{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red61\green61\blue61;\red250\green247\blue240;\red47\green47\blue47;
\red6\green124\blue174;\red0\green41\blue173;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid4}
{\list\listtemplateid5\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid5}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}{\listoverride\listid5\listoverridecount0\ls5}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww18220\viewh21320\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs56 \cf0 Pomegranate Syrup 
\b0\fs60 \cf2 \cb3 or Molasses
\b\fs56 \cf0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs36 \cf4 Serves:\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf0 1 1/2 cups syrup \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs40 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs42 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs40 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}4 cups {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/pomegranate/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 pomegranate}} juice\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon freshly squeezed lemon juice\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs42 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs40 \cf0 For Syrup: Place the pomegranate juice, sugar and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/lemon/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 lemon}} juice in a 4-quart saucepan set over medium heat. Cook, stirring occasionally, until the sugar has completely dissolved. Once the sugar has dissolved, reduce the heat to medium-low and cook until the mixture has reduced to 1 1/2 cups, approximately 50 minutes. It should be the consistency of syrup. Remove from the heat and allow to cool in the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/saucepan/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 saucepan}} for 30 minutes. Transfer to a glass jar and allow to cool completely before covering and storing in the refrigerator for up to 6 months.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl460\sa180\ql\qnatural

\fs44 \cf2 For {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/molasses/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 Molasses}}: Place the pomegranate juice, sugar and lemon juice in a 4-quart saucepan set over medium heat. Cook, stirring occasionally, until the sugar has completely dissolved. Once the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sugar/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 sugar}} has dissolved, reduce the heat to medium-low and cook until the mixture has reduced to 1 cup, approximately 70 minutes. It should be the consistency of thick syrup. Remove from the heat and allow to cool in the saucepan for 30 minutes. Transfer to a glass jar and allow to cool completely before covering and storing in the refrigerator for up to 6 months.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural

\f2\b\fs42 \cf0 Pomegranate Syrup Recipe from Scratch
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural

\i \cf0 \ul \ulc0 Ingredients
\i0 \ulnone \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl360\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}3 cups pomegranate seeds\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 cups water\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 \'bd cup sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoon lemon zest\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 \'bd teaspoon lemon juice\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural

\i \cf0 \ul Method
\i0 \ulnone \
\
In a zip lock bag, place the 3 cups of pomegranate seeds and mash the seeds with a rolling pin. Transfer the mashed pomegranate seeds, juice and water in a medium sized saucepan and bring to a boil. Simmer for 10 to 15 minutes and strain the mixture through a sieve to get pure pomegranate juice. Now in a another medium sized saucepan, combine the pomegranate juice, lemon juice and lemon zest and simmer until the mixture has reduced to half and it has a syrup like consistency. Strain the syrup and transfer into a clean glass bottle when cooled. This pomegranate syrup can be stored upto 2 weeks in the refrigerator. \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 Pomegranate Syrup Martini
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural

\i \cf0 \ul Ingredients
\i0 \ulnone \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl360\ql\qnatural
\ls3\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}3 cups vodka\
{\listtext	\'95	}
\f3 \uc0\u8531 
\f2  cup dry vermouth\
{\listtext	\'95	}\'bc cup powdered sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}\'be cup pomegranate syrup\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoon lemon juice\
{\listtext	\'95	}A few ice cubes\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural

\i \cf0 \ul Method
\i0 \ulnone \
\
Pour out the powdered sugar on a tray and moisten the rim of the martini glasses with water. Invert the glass over the powdered sugar to coat the rim of the glasses and then set them aside. \
\
Take a martini shaker and combine the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.buzzle.com/articles/vodka/"}}{\fldrslt \cf6 \ul \ulc6 vodka}}, dry vermouth, pomegranate syrup. Add the ice cubes and lemon juice and shake the martini shaker well. Pour the pomegranate syrup martini into the martini glasses and garnish with a sprig of mint. You might like to know more about {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.buzzle.com/articles/martini-recipes/"}}{\fldrslt \cf6 \ul \ulc6 martini recipes}}.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 Pomegranate Syrup Cocktail
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural

\i \cf0 \ul Ingredients
\i0 \ulnone \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl360\ql\qnatural
\ls4\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}\'bd cup pomegranate syrup\
{\listtext	\'95	}\'bc cup fresh orange juice\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon Cointreau\
{\listtext	\'95	}6 cups of champagne or sparkling {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.buzzle.com/articles/wines/"}}{\fldrslt \cf6 \ul \ulc6 wine}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 inch ginger, sliced thinly\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural

\i \cf0 \ul Method
\i0 \ulnone \
\
Place all the ingredients in a cocktail shaker with some ice cubes and give it a good shake. Strain the cocktail and discard ginger slices. Serve pomegranate syrup drink recipe in {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.buzzle.com/articles/cocktails/"}}{\fldrslt \cf6 \ul \ulc6 cocktail}} glasses garnished with a wedge of lime and pomegranate seeds.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 Pomegranate Syrup Salad Dressing
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural

\i \cf0 \ul Ingredients
\i0 \ulnone \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl360\ql\qnatural
\ls5\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoon pomegranate syrup\
{\listtext	\'95	}\'bc cup olive oil\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon finely chopped shallots\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon wholegrain mustard\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoon white wine vinegar\
{\listtext	\'95	}\'bd teaspoon salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}\'bd teaspoon freshly ground pepper\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural

\i \cf0 \ul Method
\i0 \ulnone \
\
Combine the pomegranate syrup, olive oil, white wine vinegar along with the chopped shallots and wholegrain mustard in a small jar. Cover the lid of the jar and shake well. Add the salt and the freshly ground pepper and transfer the pomegranate syrup dressing to a small bowl. This dressing goes well with a heart shredded lamb salad or any green salad. Read more on\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs76 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
}