{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17540\viewh15040\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Asparagus Quiche
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\b \cf2 Serves: 
\b0 \cf0 8 servings\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs28 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/crust/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Crust}}:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 cups instant flour (recommended: Wondra)\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup unsalted cold butter, cut into pieces\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 tablespoons {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/vegetable-shortening/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 vegetable shortening}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/3 cup ice water\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}All-purpose flour, for dusting\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Filling:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}3 large {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/eggs/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 eggs}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 cups heavy {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cream/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cream}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup chopped fresh parsley leaves\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/white-pepper/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 white pepper}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons butter\
{\listtext	\'95	}7 to 8 stalks asparagus, bottoms trimmed\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup grated Gruyere\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Crust:\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 Put flour in a large bowl. Using 2 knives or a pastry cutter, cut the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/butter/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 butter}} and vegetable shortening into the mixture until it resembles coarse meal. Add the ice water and salt to the mix until the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/dough/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 dough}} comes together. Form the dough into a ball. Wrap in waxed paper and refrigerate for 2 hours.\
Roll out the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/pastry/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 pastry}} on a floured surface; about 1/4-inch thick. Fit into a 9-inch quiche pan. Poke a few holes with a fork at the bottom of the dough. With the same fork press around the edges to {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/finish/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 finish}}. Refrigerate for 1 hour.\
Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F.\
Prick the bottom of the pie {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/shell/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 shell}} liberally with a fork. Place another small pan inside to help set the sides while baking, or place a sheet of foil in the shell and fill with {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/beans/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 beans}}, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/rice/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 rice}} or {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/pie-weights/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 pie weights}}. Bake for 7 to 8 minutes, until the pie shell begins to feel firm.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Filling:\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 Mix together eggs, heavy cream, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/parsley/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 parsley}}, salt, and white pepper in a medium size bowl. Chill for at least 30 minutes. Pour 1/3 of the egg mixture into the partially baked {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/quiche/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 quiche}} crust. Bake until the filling begins to set; about 10 minutes\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/melt/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Melt}} butter in a medium size skillet over medium heat. Add the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/asparagus/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 asparagus}} and cook until tender; about 4 to 6 minutes.\
In the quiche pan arrange the asparagus like the spokes of a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/wheel/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 wheel}}. Pour the rest of the egg mixture over the asparagus. Sprinkle with Gruyere {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cheese/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cheese}} Bake for about 30 minutes, until puffed and brown. Serve hot or at room temperature.\
*Cook's Note: If edges of pie shell are looking dark, place foil over crust to reduce any further cooking.\
A viewer, who may not be a professional cook, provided this recipe. The Food Network Kitchens chefs have not tested this recipe and therefore, we cannot make representation as to the results.\
\
}