{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13420\viewh17300\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs58 \cf0 Caramelized Onion and Gruy\'e8re Tart
\f1\fs44 \kerning1\expnd4\expndtw20
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs46 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Ingredients
\f1\b0\fs38 \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl1
\fs36 \cf0 {\listtext	
\fs42 .	}1 tablespoon unsalted butter\
{\listtext	.	}1 tablespoon vegetable oil\
{\listtext	.	}2 large onions, halved and thinly sliced\
{\listtext	.	}1/4 cup dry Marsala\
{\listtext	.	}Salt and freshly groundwhite pepper \
{\listtext	.	}Buttery Cornmeal Pastry (recipe below)\
{\listtext	.	}6 ounces Gruy\'e8re cheese, coarsely shredded (1 1/2 cups)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b\fs46 \cf0 Directions
\f1\fs44 \kerning1\expnd4\expndtw20
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa160\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0\fs36 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		
\fs42 In a large skillet, melt the butter in the vegetable oil. Add the sliced onions, cover and cook over moderate heat, stirring, until softened, about 12 minutes. Uncover the skillet and cook, stirring occasionally, until the onions are very soft and well browned, about 45 minutes longer; add a little water as necessary to prevent the onions from sticking. Add the Marsala and cook until nearly evaporated. Season the onions with salt and white pepper and transfer them to a medium bowl.\
		Meanwhile, preheat the oven to 375\'b0. On a lightly floured work surface, roll out the Buttery Cornmeal Pastry to a 13-inch round, 1/8-inch thick. Wrap the dough around the rolling pin and fit it into a 10-inch fluted tart pan with a removable bottom. Run the rolling pin over the rim to trim off the overhang. Prick the bottom with a fork and refrigerate until chilled, at least 10 minutes.\
		Line the tart shell with foil and fill with pie weights or dried beans. Bake in the center of the oven for about 25 minutes, or until the edge is golden and the center is nearly set. Remove the foil and weights, cover the edge with foil and bake for 5 minutes longer, until the shell is cooked through and golden.\
		Sprinkle the Gruy\'e8re into the tart shell and spread the onions on top. Bake for 10 minutes, or until the cheese is melted and the onions are sizzling. Let cool for 15 minutes. Unmold the tart, cut it into wedges and serve warm.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b\fs46 \cf0 Make Ahead
\f1\fs44 \kerning1\expnd4\expndtw20
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 The tart can be refrigerated overnight. Rewarm before serving.
\fs38 \
\pard\tx560\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\fs36 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\ql\qnatural

\b\fs48 \cf0 Buttery Cornmeal Pastry                                                                               
\fs34 Makes:  one 10-inch tart shell
\fs58 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\ql\qnatural

\fs46 \cf0 Ingredients
\b0\fs42 \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl1\cf0 {\listtext	1.	}1 cup all-purpose flour\
{\listtext	2.	}1/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons fine white cornmeal\
{\listtext	3.	}1/2 teaspoon salt\
{\listtext	4.	}1 stick (4 ounces) cold unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes\
{\listtext	5.	}1/4 cup ice water\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\ql\qnatural

\b\fs46 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural
\ls3\ilvl0
\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	1.	}In a food processor, pulse the flour with the cornmeal and salt. Add the butter and pulse until the size of small peas. Sprinkle with the water and pulse just until the pastry is evenly moistened. Transfer to a lightly floured board and pat into a disk. Wrap and refrigerate the pastry for 30 minutes.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\ql\qnatural

\b\fs46 \cf0 Make Ahead\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs42 \cf0 The pastry can be refrigerated overnight or frozen for 1 month.
\f2\fs54 \
\pard\tx560\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\
\
\
\
\
}