{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs54 \cf0 Mini Chorizo Quiches\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs34 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 6 quiches\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs38 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs46 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}Butter, for greasing the pans\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 Crust:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs46 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 teaspoon salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}8 tablespoons chilled unsalted butter, diced\
{\listtext	\'95	}5 tablespoons chilled water, plus extra as needed\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 Filling:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls3\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs46 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}6 ounces chorizo, or spicy Italian sausage, casings removed, and cooked until crisp\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 eggs\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup Mexican crema, or creme fraiche\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup grated Manchego, Swiss, or Pecorino Romano cheese\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup diced russet potatoes, boiled until tender and cooled\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup whole milk\
{\listtext	\'95	}Salt and freshly ground black pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}Special equipment: 6 (4-inch diameter) tartlet pans with removable bottoms\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs46 \cf0 Grease 6 (4-inch) individual tartlet pans with removable bottoms with butter and place on a baking sheet.\
Place the flour and salt in food processor and pulse to combine. Add the chilled butter and process to a coarse meal. With the machine running, add 5 tablespoons of water in a steady stream until the mixture forms a dough. Add additional water, 1 tablespoon at a time, if the dough is too dry.\
Divide the dough into 6 equal balls and press into the bottom and sides of the prepared tartlet pans. Refrigerate the crusts for 15 minutes.\
Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Line the crusts with foil and fill with pie weights (or dried beans). Bake for 15 minutes. Cool completely (can be made 1 day ahead).\
Mix the chorizo and remaining ingredients. Pour into the prepared crusts, dividing equally. Bake until the quiches are puffed and cooked through, or when a knife inserted into center of the quiches comes out clean, about 45 minutes. Cool slightly. Serve warm or at room temperature.\
Cook's Note: This recipe will also work in one 9-inch tart pan or glass pie dish.\
}