{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red84\green84\blue84;\red61\green61\blue61;\red51\green51\blue51;
}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid4}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl520\sa80\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs64 \cf0 Pancetta, Mushroom and Gruyere Quiche\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\fs38 \cf2 Yield:  \cf0 8 to 10 servings\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\ql\qnatural

\fs52 \cf0 INGREDIENTS\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs48 \cf0 CRUST:
\b0 \
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour, plus more for dusting\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}10 tablespoons unsalted butter, chilled and cut into small cubes\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons sour cream\
{\listtext	\'95	}Ice water, as needed\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls3\ilvl0
\b \cf0 FILLING:
\b0 \
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons unsalted butter\
{\listtext	\'95	}\cf3 1 pound cremini mushrooms, trimmed, cleaned and thinly sliced\cf0 \
{\listtext	\'95	}3/4 cup heavy cream\
{\listtext	\'95	}3/4 cup whole milk\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon cornstarch\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon kosher salt\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls4\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1/4 teaspoon cracked black pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}Pinch cayenne pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}Pinch nutmeg\
{\listtext	\'95	}5 large eggs\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup shredded gruyere cheese\
{\listtext	\'95	}\cf3 10 thin slices pancetta\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\ql\qnatural

\b\fs52 \cf0 DIRECTIONS\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa160\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs48 \cf4 For the crust: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Pulse together the flour and salt in a food processor. Add the chilled butter and pulse just until the butter is evenly distributed throughout. Add the sour cream and continue to pulse 2 to 4 more times until just incorporated. Add 2 tablespoons of ice water at a time, pulsing after each addition, until the dough starts to hold together. Add more water as needed. \uc0\u8232 Turn the dough out onto plastic wrap and form it into a disc. Wrap the dough in the plastic wrap and let rest in the refrigerator 30 minutes. \u8232 Roll the dough on a floured surface into a 12-inch circle about 1/4-inch thick. Roll up the dough using a rolling pin, and gently lift and place it over a deep, 10-inch tart pan. Gently press the dough into all the crevices and trim the overhang to 1/2-inch. Crimp the edges for a decorative finish and use the trimmed dough to patch any holes. 
\b \uc0\u8232 
\b0 Poke the bottom of the crust with a fork to keep it from puffing up, line with parchment paper and add dried beans to act as pie weights. Place on a large baking sheet and bake until the crust begins to brown, 20 to 30 minutes. Remove the parchment and dried beans. \uc0\u8232 For the custard: Whisk the cream, milk, cornstarch, salt, pepper, cayenne, nutmeg and eggs in a large mixing bowl. Scatter the mushrooms evenly over the bottom of the crust. Top with the cheese and pancetta. Pour the custard over the top and place in the oven on a large sheet tray. \u8232 Bake until the center is set and the crust is golden brown, 40 to 45 minutes. Let cool on a wire rack. Serve warm or at room temperature.\
}