{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red17\green17\blue17;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14960\viewh16240\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa440\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf2 Puff Pastry Onion Tart 
\b0\fs42 \

\b Ingredients:
\b0 \
2 med-large yellow onions, thinly sliced\
4 tablespoons butter\
2 teaspoons fresh thyme leaves\
2 teaspoons sugar\
1/2 teaspoon salt\
1/4 teaspoon ground pepper\
*optional 4 tablespoons white wine\
1 package puff pastry, thawed\
1 cup Ricotta cheese\
1 egg\
1/2 cup Parmesan cheese\

\b Directions:
\b0 \
Preheat oven to 350 degrees.\'a0 In a medium sauce on medium heat cook butter, thyme, onions, salt, pepper, sugar, and white wine for15 minutes stirring occasionally until softened and golden brown.\'a0 While onions are caramelizing, combine Ricotta cheese and egg in a small bowl and set aside.\'a0 Unfold puff pastry sheets on a a large cookie sheet making sure both sheets connect in the middle of the pan.\'a0 Gently fold in each side of the puff pastry sheets approximately 1 inch.\'a0 Spread Ricotta cheese evenly over the puff pastry and lightly sprinkle most of the Parmesan cheese on top.\'a0 Add caramelized onions evenly over the cheese mixture and top off by sprinkling any remaining Parmesan cheese.\'a0 Bake for 25-30 minutes until puff pastry is golden brown.\'a0 Cut into small pieces for appetizers or bigger pieces to eat as a main dish.\'a0 Enjoy!}