{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red84\green84\blue84;\red51\green51\blue51;\red0\green101\blue159;
}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl520\sa80\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs66 \cf0 Double Trouble Meatloaf\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\fs40 \cf2 Yield:  \cf0 6 to 8 servings\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\ql\qnatural

\fs52 \cf0 INGREDIENTS\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0\fs48 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}Nonstick cooking spray, for greasing\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons unsalted butter\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 medium onion, minced (about 2 cups)\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon kosher salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 cloves garlic, minced\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon chipotle powder\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon paprika\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 cups day-old bread, crust removed, small diced\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup whole milk\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 pounds ground chuck\
{\listtext	\'95	}8 ounces ground bacon\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons finely chopped flat-leaf parsley\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 large eggs\
{\listtext	\'95	}Serving suggestions: Mashed potatoes, potato salad\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\ql\qnatural

\b\fs52 \cf0 DIRECTIONS\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa160\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs48 \cf3 Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Coat a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/loaf-pan/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 loaf pan}} with cooking spray. \uc0\u8232 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/melt/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 Melt}} the butter in a medium saute pan and add the onions and 1/4 teaspoon of the salt. Sweat the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/onion/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 onions}}, and then add the garlic and continue to cook. Stir in the chipotle powder and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/paprika/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 paprika}} and lightly toast with the onion mixture. Remove from the heat and let cool slightly. \uc0\u8232 Meanwhile, soak the bread in the milk until completely soft and hydrated. Squeeze out the excess {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/milk/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 milk}} and transfer to a large bowl along with the onion mixture, chuck, bacon, parsley, black pepper, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/eggs/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 eggs}} and remaining salt. Mix together. \uc0\u8232 Pack this mixture into a loaf pan and bake for 1 hour. Let cool slightly (it will be easier to slice). \u8232 Slice the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/meatloaf/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 meatloaf}} and serve it with your favorite mashed potatoes or {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/potato-salad/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 potato salad}}.
\b \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf0 Cook's Note: This meatloaf also makes for a great late night snack, as well as a cold sandwich!\cf3 \
\
}