{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs50 \cf0 Meatloaf with Creole Sauce\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs30 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 6 to 8 servings\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs42 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs40 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}2 pounds ground beef\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 cup quick oats, such as Quaker\
{\listtext	\'95	}3/4 cup ketchup\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/3 cup milk\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 teaspoon salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 teaspoons ground black pepper\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs42 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs40 \cf0 Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.\
Place the ground beef in a mixing bowl. In a separate bowl, combine the oats, ketchup, milk, salt, pepper, eggs, garlic, bell peppers and onions and mix well. Then pour over the ground beef. Hand mix the beef and seasoning mixture until incorporated. Shape the mixture into a loaf and bake on a sheet pan or in a loaf pan for about 1 hour. The internal temperature should be 145 degrees F. Remove from the oven let rest about 10 minutes before slicing. Serve with Creole Sauce.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs42 \cf0 Monument Cafe Creole Sauce:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs40 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}2 onions, peeled and sliced 1/4-inch thick\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 clove garlic, minced\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 green bell pepper, cored and sliced lengthwise\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons olive oil\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/3 cup red wine\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 can crushed tomatoes\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 teaspoons Italian seasonings\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon ground black pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}Dash salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon brown sugar (optional)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Saute the onions, garlic and peppers in the olive oil in a saucepot over medium-high heat until well done and caramelized, about 8 minutes. Add the wine, tomatoes, Italian seasoning, black pepper, cayenne pepper, salt and sugar if using. Bring to a boil, reduce the heat and simmer for 30 minutes, stirring occasionally.\
}