{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red164\green194\blue114;\red45\green57\blue24;\red47\green43\blue34;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17000\viewh19120\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa400\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs56 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd8\expndtw40
Meatloaf with Sweet Ketchup Glaze\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa380\ql\qnatural

\fs46 \cf3 \kerning1\expnd8\expndtw40
For the meatloaf:\
\pard\pardeftab720\li40\ri760\sl360\sa120\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs40 \cf4 \kerning1\expnd4\expndtw20
1 lb. 85/15 ground beef\uc0\u8232 1 cup unseasoned dry bread crumbs (omit if going gluten-free)\u8232 2 tablespoons chopped Italian parsley\u8232 1/2 cup freshly grated parmesan cheese (omit if going dairy-free)\u8232 2 teaspoons kosher salt\u8232 2 tsp. Worcestershire sauce\u8232 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper\u8232 1/4 teaspoon ground nutmeg\u8232 1 egg, beaten (add additional egg if going gluten-free)\u8232 3/4 cup warm water (don\'92t add water if going gluten-free)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa380\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs46 \cf3 \kerning1\expnd8\expndtw40
For the glaze:\
\pard\pardeftab720\li40\ri760\sl360\sa120\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs40 \cf4 \kerning1\expnd4\expndtw20
1/3 cup ketchup\uc0\u8232 2 1/2 tsp. brown sugar\u8232 1 1/2 tsp. dry mustard\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa420\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs42 \cf3 \kerning1\expnd8\expndtw40
Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\li40\ri760\sl360\sa120\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs40 \cf4 \kerning1\expnd4\expndtw20
Preheat oven to 325 degrees.\
Place the ground beef, bread crumbs, parsley, parmesan, salt, pepper, nutmeg, egg, and 3/4 cup warm water in a bowl. Combine very lightly with a fork.\
Transfer mixture to a 9-inch X 5-inch loaf pan.\
In a small mixing bowl, stir together the ketchup, dry mustard and brown sugar for the glaze. Pour the glaze over meatloaf and spread evenly.\
Bake until meatloaf reaches 160 degrees on an instant read thermometer, about 1 hour. Let rest 5 minutes before slicing.\
\
\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural
\cf4 \kerning1\expnd4\expndtw20
Enjoy!}