{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14300\viewh13860\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs72 \cf0 Greek Lamb with Yogurt Mint Sauce
\f1\b0\fs56 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs44 \cf0 Serves:  4 to 6 servings
\fs50 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs56 \cf0 Ingredients
\f1\b0\fs50 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural
\cf0 4 large garlic cloves\
3 tablespoons chopped fresh rosemary leaves\
1 1/2 teaspoons dried oregano\
Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper\
1/2 cup freshly squeezed lemon juice (4 lemons)\
1/2 cup good olive oil\
1/2 cup dry red wine\
2 racks of lamb, frenched and cut into 8 chops each\
Yogurt Mint Sauce, recipe follows\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs56 \cf0 Directions
\f1\b0\fs50 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Place the garlic, rosemary, oregano, 1 1/2 teaspoons salt, and 3/4 teaspoon pepper in the bowl of a food processor fitted with the steel blade and pulse until the herbs are finely minced. Add the lemon juice, olive oil, and red wine and combine. Place the chops in a glass or ceramic dish just large enough to hold them in a single layer. Pour the marinade over the chops, turning to coat both sides. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate for at least 2 hours but preferably overnight.\
\
When ready to cook, prepare a grill with one layer of hot coals or turn a gas grill to medium-high heat. Remove the lamb from the marinade, sprinkle generously with salt and pepper, and grill for 4 to 5 minutes on each side. Remove to a platter, cover tightly with aluminum foil, and set aside to rest for 10 minutes. Serve hot with the cold Yogurt Mint Sauce.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Yogurt Mint Sauce:
\f1\b0\fs50 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural
\cf0 6 scallions, white and green parts, chopped\
1/2 cup chopped fresh mint leaves\
2 tablespoons minced fresh dill\
Pinch crushed red pepper flakes\
1 tablespoon good olive oil\
1 tablespoon freshly squeezed lemon juice\
7 ounces Greek-style yogurt (recommended: Fage Total)\
1 teaspoon kosher salt\
1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper\
Place the scallions, mint, dill, red pepper flakes, olive oil, and lemon juice in the bowl of a food processor fitted with the steel blade and puree until it's a coarse paste. Add the yogurt, salt, and pepper and pulse until combined. Transfer to a bowl, cover, and refrigerate for a few hours to allow the flavors to develop.\
\
\
\
}