{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17920\viewh16900\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl500\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs50 \cf0 Lamb with Pineapple Mint Sauce
\f1\b0\fs30 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260\ql\qnatural

\b \cf2 Serves: 
\b0 \cf0 4 to 6 servings
\fs22 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs26 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs42 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl420\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs40 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}2 whole racks of lamb (8 chops each), about 2 pounds, frenched\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl420\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}Kosher salt\cf0  and freshly cracked black pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, divided\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 fresh pineapple, peeled and cored\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 \cf2 garlic\cf0  cloves, minced\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 small bunch fresh mint, tied with kitchen string, plus 1/4 cup leaves, finely chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup water\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs42 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs40 \cf0 Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.\
\
Trim any excess fat on the \cf2 lamb\cf0  racks and season, to taste, with salt and pepper. Heat 2 tablespoons of olive oil in a large ovenproof skillet over medium-high heat and put the racks in the hot pan, fat side up. \cf2 Sear\cf0  until browned, then \cf2 flip\cf0  and sear on the fat side until golden brown. Stand the racks up in the pan, criss-crossing the bones with the fatty side out. Put the pan in the oven to \cf2 roast\cf0  until the internal temperature reaches 130 degrees F on an instant-read thermometer, about 15 to 20 minutes. Remove the pan from the oven and let the lamb rest on a cutting board for at least 5 minutes. Slice into single or double chops (2 rib bones).\
\
To make the sauce, finely \cf2 chop\cf0  the pineapple, reserving any juices that are released (it should resemble canned crushed pineapple). Heat the remaining 1 tablespoon of olive oil in a \cf2 saucepan\cf0  over medium heat. Add the garlic and cook until softened, 2 to 3 minutes. Add the \cf2 pineapple\cf0  and its juice, the mint bundle and water to the saucepan and \cf2 simmer\cf0  over low heat until the pineapple is broken down and the liquid has thickened, about 40 to 45 minutes. Remove the mint bundle and discard; stir the chopped \cf2 mint\cf0  into the sauce and transfer to a serving bowl.\
\
Serve the lamb chops on a platter topped with the pineapple mint sauce spooned over the top.\
}