{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww21000\viewh18640\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Lamb Kabobs\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs32 \cf2 Serves: 
\b  
\b0 \cf0 8 to 12 servings\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs36 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}4 pounds top round lamb\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons minced {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/garlic/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 garlic}} (4 to 5 cloves)\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons minced fresh rosemary leaves\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 teaspoons minced fresh {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/thyme/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 thyme}} leaves\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup mild olive oil\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup dry red wine\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 tablespoons red {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/wine/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 wine}} vinegar\
{\listtext	\'95	}Kosher salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 small red onions\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 pints cherry tomatoes\
{\listtext	\'95	}Wooden skewers\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 For the sauce:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 cup good {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/stock/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 chicken stock}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup good olive oil\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons freshly squeezed {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/lemon/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 lemon}} juice\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 teaspoon minced fresh rosemary leaves\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/salt/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 kosher salt}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 Cut the lamb in 1 1/2-inch cubes. You should have about 40 cubes. Combine the garlic, rosemary, thyme, olive oil, red wine, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/vinegar/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 vinegar}}, and 1 teaspoon of salt in a medium bowl. Add the lamb cubes, cover with {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/plastic-wrap/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 plastic wrap}}, and refrigerate overnight or for up to 2 days. Toss occasionally.\
Heat a charcoal grill with coals. Spread the coals in 1 tight layer on the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/grill/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 grill}}.\
Cut the red onions in quarters and separate each quarter into 3 or 4 sections. Loosely thread 3 or 4 pieces of lamb alternately with sections of {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/onion/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 onion}} on skewers. Sprinkle both sides of the lamb with salt and pepper. Next place 4 or 5 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/tomato/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cherry tomatoes}} on skewers, threading them through the stem of the tomato. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/rub/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Rub}} the tomatoes with olive oil and sprinkle with salt and pepper. First, place the lamb skewers on the hot grill and cook for 10 to 15 minutes, turning 2 or 3 times, until the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/lamb/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 lamb}} is medium rare. Approximately 5 minutes before the lamb is done, place the tomato skewers on the grill, turning once, until seared on the outside but still firm inside.\
For the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sauce/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 sauce}}, bring the chicken stock, olive oil, and lemon juice to a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/boil/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 boil}} in a medium pot. Lower the heat and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/simmer/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 simmer}} for 5 minutes, until reduced in half. Add the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/rosemary/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 rosemary}}, 1/2 teaspoon of salt, and the pepper. Serve the sauce on the side.\
\
}