{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12260\viewh13220\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Roasted Rack of Lamb with Rosemary-Pomegranate Sauce\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs32 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 4 servings\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs38 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Lamb:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}Grapeseed oil\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 (8-rib) racks of lamb, trimmed, trim reserved for sauce\
{\listtext	\'95	}Salt and freshly ground black pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons finely minced fresh thyme\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons finely minced fresh rosemary\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup apricot jam	\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Sauce:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/grapeseed-oil/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 grapeseed oil}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}Reserved lamb trimmings\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 large sprig fresh rosemary\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 cups {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/stock/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 chicken stock}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 cups demi glace\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 tablespoons {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/pomegranate/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 pomegranate}} juice concentrate\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/butter/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 unsalted butter}}, cut into cubes\
{\listtext	\'95	}Salt and freshly ground black pepper\
\pard\tx560\pardeftab720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls3\ilvl0
\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.\
Heat a large saute pan over medium-high heat and add the oil. Season the lamb with salt and pepper. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sear/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Sear}} the lamb racks, fleshiest side down first. Let sit and brown about 2 to 3 minutes. Flip and sear the other side. Repeat with the other rack. Transfer lamb racks to a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/jelly-roll-pan/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 sheet pan}}.\
Combine the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/thyme/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 thyme}} and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/rosemary/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 rosemary}} and press an even amount into each seared lamb rack. Let sit for a few minutes.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/roast/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Roast}} the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/lamb/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 lamb}} in the oven for 12 to 15 minutes. Remove from the oven and let rest for 5 minutes.\
Heat the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/apricot/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 apricot}} {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/jam/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 jam}} in a small {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/saucepan/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 saucepan}} over low heat. When the jam is melted, turn off the heat. Brush a light coating of jam on each piece of lamb.\
For the sauce: Heat a deep saute pan over medium heat and add the oil, lamb trimmings, and rosemary. Cook until the fat is a little cooked down and the trimmings are deep golden brown, 3 to 5 minutes.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/deglaze/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Deglaze}} the pan with the chicken stock. Reduce by two-thirds.\
Stir in the demi glace and pomegranate juice concentrate. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/simmer/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Simmer}} until thickened, about 5 minutes. Remove from the heat.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/strain/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Strain}} the sauce and set aside. Just before ready to serve, re-warm the sauce and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/whisk/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 whisk}} in the butter. Taste for seasoning. Add salt and pepper, if needed.\
To plate: Slice off 2 chops from each rack and then cut the meat from the rest of the rack into slices. Serve each guest 1 lamb {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/chop/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 chop}} on the bone and 3 slices of boneless meat. }