{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red61\green61\blue61;\red6\green124\blue174;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16940\viewh17260\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl500\sa80\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf2 Roasted Lamb Shanks with Lemon and Herbs
\fs44 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs24 \cf2 Yield: 
\b0 6 servings\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\fs22 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf2 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl420\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs38 \cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}6 lamb shanks (about 1 1/4 pounds each), excess fat trimmed\
{\listtext	\'95	}5 cloves garlic, sliced\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup fresh lemon juice\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl420\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf3 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/salt/index.html"}}{\fldrslt Kosher salt}}\cf2  and freshly ground pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons chopped fresh {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/parsley/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 parsley}}, plus more for garnish\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 teaspoons minced fresh thyme\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 teaspoons dried {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/marjoram/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 marjoram}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 stick unsalted butter, melted, plus more for brushing\
{\listtext	\'95	}12 shallots, unpeeled\
{\listtext	\'95	}Extra-virgin olive oil, for drizzling\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf2 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa180\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs38 \cf2 Make the lamb a day in advance: Make several incisions in the shanks with a paring knife and slide a slice of {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/garlic/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 garlic}} into each slit. Place the shanks in a large baking dish, drizzle with the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/lemon/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 lemon}} juice, turning to coat, and season with salt and pepper on all sides. Mix the parsley, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/thyme/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 thyme}} and marjoram in a small bowl, then {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/rub/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 rub}} the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/herbs/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 herbs}} over the lamb. Cover and set aside at room temperature for 1 hour. After 30 minutes, place a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/dutch-oven/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 Dutch oven}} or covered ovenproof pot in the oven and preheat to 500 degrees for at least 30 minutes.\
Transfer the shanks to a plate and drizzle with the melted butter; reserve the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/marinade/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 marinade}}. Carefully remove the preheated pot from the oven. Working quickly, add the shanks, making sure at least one side of each touches the hot pot. Return the pot to the oven, uncovered, and place the lid on another oven rack to keep it hot. Roast the shanks for 25 minutes.\
Meanwhile, bring the reserved marinade and 1/2 cup water to a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/boil/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 boil}} in a small {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/saucepan/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 saucepan}} over medium heat. Pour the hot marinade over the shanks, then place a large sheet of heavy-duty foil over the pot and cover with the hot lid. Reduce the oven temperature to 350 degrees and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/roast/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 roast}} 45 minutes, then reduce the temperature to 200 degrees and cook 30 more minutes. Turn off the oven and leave the lamb inside, undisturbed, to {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/finish/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 finish}} cooking, 20 minutes.\
Remove the lamb from the cooking liquid and place in a shallow {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cookware-and-bakeware-materials/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 baking dish}}. Refrigerate the meat and the sauce separately overnight.\
When ready to serve, position a rack in the upper third of the oven and preheat to 350 degrees. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/drizzle/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 Drizzle}} the shallots with olive oil in a small baking dish and season with salt and pepper. Cover the lamb loosely with foil. Bake the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/lamb/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 lamb}} and shallots for 25 to 30 minutes, uncovering the lamb and brushing lightly with melted butter after 15 minutes. Meanwhile, discard the fat from the chilled sauce and bring to a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/simmer/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 simmer}} over medium heat. Drizzle the finished lamb and shallots with the sauce and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/garnish/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 garnish}} with parsley.\
\
}