{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red84\green84\blue84;\red51\green51\blue51;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww18660\viewh15240\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl520\sa80\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs66 \cf0 Angel Food Cake I
\fs40 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural
\cf2 Yield:  \cf0 10 to 12 servings\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\ql\qnatural

\fs46 \cf0 INGREDIENTS
\fs52 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0\fs48 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 3/4 cups sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 teaspoon salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup cake flour, sifted\
{\listtext	\'95	}12 egg whites (the closer to room temperature the better)\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1/3 cup warm water\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon orange extract, or extract of your choice\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 teaspoons cream of tartar\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\ql\qnatural

\b\fs46 \cf0 DIRECTIONS
\fs52 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa160\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs48 \cf3 Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. \uc0\u8232 In a food processor spin sugar about 2 minutes until it is superfine. Sift half of the sugar with the salt the cake flour, setting the remaining sugar aside. \u8232 In a large bowl, use a balloon whisk to thoroughly combine egg whites, water, orange extract, and cream of tartar. After 2 minutes, switch to a hand mixer. Slowly sift the reserved sugar, beating continuously at medium speed. Once you have achieved medium peaks, sift enough of the flour mixture in to dust the top of the foam. Using a spatula fold in gently. Continue until all of the flour mixture is incorporated. \u8232 Carefully spoon mixture into an ungreased tube pan. Bake for 35 minutes before checking for doneness with a wooden skewer. (When inserted halfway between the inner and outer wall, the skewer should come out dry). \u8232 Cool upside down on cooling rack for at least an hour before removing from pan. \u8232 Cook's Note: Since they're easier to separate use the freshest eggs you can get. \u8232 }