{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14480\viewh18380\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl500\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs54 \cf0 Angel Food Cake with Lemon Honey Yogurt Sauce
\fs34 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs38 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 12 to 16 servings\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Cake:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl420\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}12 egg whites, at room temperature\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 teaspoon fine {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sea-salt/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 sea salt}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/4 teaspoons cream of tartar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon pure {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/extracts/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 vanilla extract}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon lemon juice\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon lemon zest, plus extra for {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/garnish/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 garnish}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 cups powdered sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup cake flour\
{\listtext	\'95	}Fresh mint sprigs\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Sauce:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl420\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 cup plain yogurt\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/honey/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 honey}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon lemon juice\
{\listtext	\'95	}Special equipment: a 10-inch nonstick {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/angel-food-cake/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 angel food cake}} pan\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 For the cake: Place an oven rack in the center of the oven. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.\
In a large mixing bowl, combine the egg whites, salt and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cream-of-tartar/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cream of tartar}}. Using an electric hand {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/mixer/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 mixer}}, beat on medium speed until {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/frothy/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 frothy}}. Add the vanilla extract, lemon juice, and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/lemon/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 lemon}} zest. Beat on high speed until soft peaks form, about 2 to 4 minutes. Gradually add the sugar and beat until the mixture forms stiff peaks, about 2 minutes longer. Sprinkle the flour over the egg white mixture. Using a spatula, carefully fold in the flour until incorporated. Spoon the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/batter/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 batter}} into an ungreased 10-inch nonstick angel food cake pan. Bake for 30 to 40 minutes until the top is browned and a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/skewer/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 skewer}} inserted halfway between the inner and outer wall of the pan comes out clean. Invert the pan on a wire rack to cool completely, about 1 hour.\
For the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sauce/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 sauce}}: In a small bowl whisk together the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/yogurt/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 yogurt}}, honey, and lemon juice until smooth. Pour into a serving pitcher.\
Using a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/spatula/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 spatula}}, loosen the cake around the sides and middle. Release the cake and place on a serving plate. Cut into slices and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/drizzle/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 drizzle}} with the sauce. Garnish with lemon zest and mint sprigs.}