{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;\red61\green61\blue61;\red6\green124\blue174;
}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww21400\viewh21320\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs58 \cf0 Angel Food Cake with Limoncello and Lemon Curd \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs38 \cf2 Serves: 
\b0 \cf0 6 servings\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 angel food cake (recipe below)\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 ounces chilled limoncello liqueur\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup heavy {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cream/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cream}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup mascarpone cheese\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/3 cup lemon curd (recipe below)\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 pint raspberries\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 pint blackberries\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 teaspoons lemon zest\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0  Put the cake on a cake plate and douse with the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/liqueur/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 liqueur}}. In a small bowl whisk or beat the cream, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/mascarpone/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 mascarpone}} cheese and lemon curd to combine. Dollop the cake with the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cheese/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cheese}} mixture and top with the berries and lemon zest. \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs58 \cf0 Lemon Curd\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs38 \cf2 Serves: 
\b0 \cf0 3 cups\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}3 lemons\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 cups {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sugar/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 sugar}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 pound unsalted butter, room temperature\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 extra-large eggs\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup lemon juice (3 to 4 lemons)\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/8 teaspoon {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/salt/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 kosher salt}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 Using a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/carrot/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 carrot}} peeler, remove the zest of 3 lemons, being careful to avoid the white pith. Put the zest in a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/food-processor/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 food processor}} fitted with the steel blade. Add the sugar and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/pulse/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 pulse}} until the zest is very finely minced into the sugar.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cream/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Cream}} the butter and beat in the sugar and lemon mixture. Add the eggs, 1 at a time, and then add the lemon juice and salt. Mix until combined.\
Pour the mixture into a 2 quart {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/saucepan/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 saucepan}} and cook over low heat until thickened (about 10 minutes), stirring constantly. The lemon curd will thicken at about 170 degrees F, or just below {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/simmer/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 simmer}}. Remove from the heat and cool or refrigerate.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs58 \cf0 Angel Food Cake\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs34 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 12 to 16 servings\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs54 \cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf3 Ingredients
\f1\fs44 \cf3 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl460\ql\qnatural
\ls3\ilvl0
\b0 \cf3 {\listtext	\'95	}12 egg whites, at room temperature\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 teaspoon fine {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sea-salt/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 sea salt}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/4 teaspoons cream of tartar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon pure {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/extracts/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 vanilla extract}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon lemon juice\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon lemon zest, plus extra for {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/garnish/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 garnish}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 cups powdered sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup cake flour
\fs60 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs54 \cf3 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl460\sa180\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs44 \cf3 For the cake: Place an oven rack in the center of the oven. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.\
In a large mixing bowl, combine the egg whites, salt and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cream-of-tartar/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 cream of tartar}}. Using an electric hand {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/mixer/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 mixer}}, beat on medium speed until {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/frothy/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 frothy}}. Add the vanilla extract, lemon juice, and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/lemon/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 lemon}} zest. Beat on high speed until soft peaks form, about 2 to 4 minutes. Gradually add the sugar and beat until the mixture forms stiff peaks, about 2 minutes longer. Sprinkle the flour over the egg white mixture. Using a spatula, carefully fold in the flour until incorporated. Spoon the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/batter/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 batter}} into an ungreased 10-inch nonstick angel food cake pan. Bake for 30 to 40 minutes until the top is browned and a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/skewer/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 skewer}} inserted halfway between the inner and outer wall of the pan comes out clean. Invert the pan on a wire rack to cool completely, about 1 hour.
\fs60 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\

\fs42 \
}