{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Apple Coffee Cake with Crumble Topping and Brown Sugar Glaze\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs32 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 12 servings\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs36 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cake/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Cake}}:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 stick plus 2 teaspoons {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/butter/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 unsalted butter}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 cups packed light brown sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 large {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/eggs/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 eggs}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 cups all purpose flour\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/baking-soda/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 baking soda}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon ground cinnamon\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup sour cream\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon pure {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/extracts/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 vanilla extract}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 cups peeled, cored and chopped {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/apple/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 apples}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Crumble Topping:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup packed light brown sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup all purpose flour\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Brown Sugar Glaze:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls3\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup packed light {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sugar/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 brown sugar}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons water\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Lightly {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/grease/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 grease}} a 13 by 9-inch glass baking dish with 2 teaspoons of the butter.\
In a large bowl, cream together the remaining stick of butter and sugar until light and fluffy. Add the eggs 1 at a time, beating after the addition of each. In a separate bowl or on a piece of parchment, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sift/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 sift}} together the flour, baking soda, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cinnamon/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cinnamon}}, and salt. Add to the wet ingredients, alternating with the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sour-cream/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 sour cream}} and vanilla. Fold in the apples. Pour into the prepared {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cookware-and-bakeware-materials/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 baking dish}}, spreading out to the edges.\
To make the topping, in a bowl, combine the sugar, flour, cinnamon, and butter, and mix until it resembles coarse crumbs. Sprinkle the topping over the cake and bake until golden brown and set, 35 to 40 minutes. Remove from the oven and let cool on a wire rack for at least 10 minutes.\
To make the glaze, in a bowl, combine the sugar, vanilla, and water and mix until smooth. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/drizzle/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Drizzle}} the cake with the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/glaze/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 glaze}} and let harden slightly. Serve warm.\
}