{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red190\green115\blue0;\red105\green50\blue0;\red0\green12\blue242;
\red0\green13\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17000\viewh19740\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa420\qc

\f0\fs58 \cf2 Blackberry Cream Cheese Coffee Cake 
\f1\b\fs26 \cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\ql\qnatural

\fs44 \cf3 Streusel Topping:
\f0\b0\fs50 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs44 \cf3 1/3 cup (45 grams) all purpose {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://joyofbaking.com/flour.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 flour}}
\f0\fs50 \cf0 \

\f1\fs44 \cf3 1/3 cup (65 grams) granulated white {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://joyofbaking.com/sugar.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 sugar}}
\f0\fs50 \cf0 \

\f1\fs44 \cf3 1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon
\f0\fs50 \cf0 \

\f1\fs44 \cf3 1/4 cup (56 grams) cold unsalted {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "file:///C:/Users/Public/website2/joyofbaking/Butter.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 butter}}, cut into pieces
\f0\fs50 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\ql\qnatural

\f1\b\fs44 \cf3 Cream Cheese Filling:
\f0\b0\fs50 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs44 \cf3 8 ounce package (227 grams) cream cheese, at room temperature
\f0\fs50 \cf0 \

\f1\fs44 \cf3 1/4 cup (50 grams) granulated {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.joyofbaking.com/breakfast/BlackberryCreamCheeseCoffeeCake.html#"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 white sugar}}
\f0\fs50 \cf0 \

\f1\fs44 \cf3 1 large egg
\f0\fs50 \cf0 \

\f1\fs44 \cf3 1/2 teaspoon pure vanilla extract
\f0\fs50 \cf0 \

\f1\fs44 \cf3 1 tablespoon grated lemon zest (peel)
\f0\fs50 \cf0 \

\f1\fs44 \cf3 1 tablespoon all purpose flour
\f0\fs50 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\ql\qnatural

\f1\b\fs44 \cf3 Cake Batter:
\f0\b0\fs50 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs44 \cf3 1 cup (130 grams) all purpose {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://joyofbaking.com/flour.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 flour}}
\f0\fs50 \cf0 \

\f1\fs44 \cf3 1 teaspoon {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://joyofbaking.com/bakingsoda.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 baking powder}}
\f0\fs50 \cf0 \

\f1\fs44 \cf3 1/8 teaspoon salt
\f0\fs50 \cf0 \

\f1\fs44 \cf3 1/4 cup (56 grams) (4 tablespoons) unsalted {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "file:///C:/Users/Public/website2/joyofbaking/Butter.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 butter}}, room temperature
\f0\fs50 \cf0 \

\f1\fs44 \cf3 1/2 cup (100 grams) granulated white {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://joyofbaking.com/sugar.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 sugar}}
\f0\fs50 \cf0 \

\f1\fs44 \cf3 1 large {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://joyofbaking.com/eggs.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 egg}}
\f0\fs50 \cf0 \

\f1\fs44 \cf3 1/2 teaspoon pure {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.joyofbaking.com/Vanilla.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 vanilla}} extract
\f0\fs50 \cf0 \

\f1\fs44 \cf3 1/3 cup (80 ml) milk
\f0\fs50 \cf0 \

\f1\fs44 \cf3 1 cup (240 ml)\'a0 fresh blackberries, raspberries or {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.joyofbaking.com/breakfast/BlackberryCreamCheeseCoffeeCake.html#"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 blueberries}} or 1/2 cup (120 ml) raspberry preserves\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\ql\qnatural

\b \cf3 Blackberry Coffee Cake:
\b0 \cf3  Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (177 degrees C). Butter a 9 inch (23 cm) spring form pan and line the bottom of the pan with parchment paper.
\f0\fs50 \cf0 \

\f1\b\fs44 \cf3 Streusel topping
\b0 \cf3 : In a large bowl, mix together the flour, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.joyofbaking.com/breakfast/BlackberryCreamCheeseCoffeeCake.html#"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 sugar}}, and ground cinnamon.\'a0Cut in the butter with a pastry blender or fork until it resembles coarse crumbs.\'a0
\f0\fs50 \cf0 \

\f1\b\fs44 \cf3 Cream cheese filling
\b0 \cf3 :\'a0In your electric mixer or food processor, beat the cream cheese until creamy and smooth.\'a0Add the rest of the filling ingredients and beat until smooth and creamy.
\f0\fs50 \cf0 \

\f1\b\fs44 \cf3 Cake batter
\b0 \cf3 : In a separate bowl whisk together the flour, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.joyofbaking.com/breakfast/BlackberryCreamCheeseCoffeeCake.html#"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 baking}} powder, and salt.\
In the bowl of your electric mixer, with the paddle attachment, beat the butter until smooth and creamy.\'a0Add the sugar and beat until light and fluffy.\'a0Add the egg and vanilla and beat until incorporated.\'a0Add the flour mixture, alternately with the milk, and beat only until combined. Spread the batter onto the bottom,\'a0and slightly up the sides, of the prepared pan.\'a0Next, spread the cream cheese filling over the cake batter.\'a0Scatter the fresh berries over the filling and top with the streusel.\'a0
\f0\fs50 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs44 \cf3 Bake for about 60 to 70 minutes or until the streusel is golden brown and a toothpick inserted in the center of the cake comes out clean.\'a0Remove from {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.joyofbaking.com/breakfast/BlackberryCreamCheeseCoffeeCake.html#"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 oven}} and place on a wire rack to cool slightly.\'a0
\f0\fs50 \cf0 \

\f1\fs44 \cf3 Serve warm or at room temperature.
\f0\fs50 \cf0 \

\f1\fs44 \cf3 Makes 8 - 10 servings.
\f0\fs50 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \

\fs32 \
}