{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww18020\viewh20240\viewkind0
\deftab1134
\pard\pardeftab1134\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs50 \cf0 Caramel Apple Skillet Cake\
\pard\pardeftab1134\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs36 \cf0 Serves 12\

\fs34 \
\pard\pardeftab1134\ql\qnatural

\b\fs46 \cf0 Sauce\
\pard\pardeftab1134\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs42 \cf0 1  cup sugar\
4  tablespoons water
\fs34 \

\fs42 2  tablespoons butter
\fs34 \

\fs42 3  pounds apples
\fs34 \
\

\fs42 Combine sugar and water in a heavy, deep ovenproof 10-inch skillet.
\fs34 \

\fs42 Bring to a boil over medium heat, stirring occasionally.  Cook to a light caramel stage or pale amber color, stirring occasionally.  Remove from heat and swirl in butter.  Set aside.
\fs34 \

\fs42 Wash, core and cut each apple into 8 wedges.  Arrange about \'be of the apple wedges in a tight, single layer over caramel.  Place remaining apples atop first apple layer.
\fs34 \

\fs42 Cover skillet and cook over medium-low heat until apples exude juices, about 5 to 10 minutes.  Uncover skillet, increase heat to medium and continue to cook about 10 to 15 minutes, or until caramel syrup is thick, but not burnt (adjust heat to low if syrup start cooking too fast).
\fs34 \

\fs42 Baste apples occasionally with syrup.
\fs34 \

\fs42 Remove from heat and cool.
\fs34 \
\
\pard\pardeftab1134\ql\qnatural

\b\fs46 \cf0 Cake\
\pard\pardeftab1134\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs42 \cf0 1  cup whole-wheat pastry flour\
1\'bd  teaspoons baking powder
\fs34 \

\fs42 \'be  cup plus 2 tablespoons sugar
\fs34 \

\fs42 1   large egg
\fs34 \

\fs42 \'be  cup apple juice
\fs34 \

\fs42 2   egg whites, beaten to soft peaks
\fs34 \
\

\fs42 Sift pastry flour into a bowl and add baking powder and \'be cup sugar.  Make a well in the center.
\fs34 \

\fs42 In another bowl, whisk egg, apple juice and 2 tablespoons of sugar, then stir into flour mixture.
\fs34 \
\

\fs42 Fold small amount of batter into beaten egg whites, then fold mixture back into remaining batter.  Pour batter into skillet over apples and caramel.
\fs34 \

\fs42 Bake at 350 degrees F for 20 to 25 minutes until wooden toothpick inserted in center comes out clean.  Cool 5 minutes.  Loosen cake around edges, place serving platter over skillet and carefully invert pan.  Spoon any remaining glaze over cake.
\fs34 \
\
}