{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red34\green34\blue34;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16000\viewh12080\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\sa280\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs64 \cf0 Cardamom Pound Cake with Roasted Fruit\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b\fs42 \cf0 Yield:  
\b0\fs44 Serves 8\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa260\ql\qnatural

\f2\fs52 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl220\sa60\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f0\b\fs42 \cf2 		For The Cakes
\f1\b0\fs44 \cf0 \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sl320\sa120\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl1\cf0 		2 cups all-purpose flour, plus more for pans\
		3/4 cup almond flour\
		3/4 cup semolina flour\
		1 1/4 teaspoons coarse salt\
		3/4 teaspoon ground cardamom\
		1/4 teaspoon baking soda\
		2 sticks (16 tablespoons) unsalted butter, room temperature, plus more for pans\
		3 cups granulated sugar\
		6 large eggs, room temperature\
		1 tablespoon pure vanilla extract\
		1 cup plain yogurt, preferably Greek\
		1 tablespoon sanding sugar\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\sa120\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 		\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl220\sa60\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f0\b\fs42 \cf2 		For The Roasted Fruit
\f1\b0\fs44 \cf0 \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sl320\sa120\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl1\cf0 		3 tablespoons granulated sugar\
		2 vanilla beans, halved lengthwise, seeds scraped and reserved\
		3 peaches, pitted and cut into 1-inch wedges\
		3 plums, pitted and quartered\
		2 tablespoons Grand Marnier\
		1 1/2 cups blackberries (from 1 pint)\
		1 cup red currants on the vine\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\sa120\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 		\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa260\ql\qnatural

\f2\fs52 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\sa360\ql\qnatural
\ls3\ilvl0
\f1\fs44 \cf0 {\listtext	1.	}Make the cakes: Preheat oven to 325. Butter two 9-by-5-inch loaf pans. Dust with all-purpose flour, and tap out excess.Whisk together flours, salt, cardamom, and baking soda.\
{\listtext	2.	}Beat butter and granulated sugar with a mixer on medium speed until pale and fluffy. Add eggs, 1 at a time, beating well after each addition. Beat in vanilla. Raise speed to high, and beat until smooth and glossy, about 3 minutes. Reduce speed to low, and beat in flour mixture in 3 additions, alternating with yogurt. Divide batter between pans. Sprinkle with sanding sugar.\
{\listtext	3.	}Bake until golden brown and a toothpick inserted into centers comes out clean, about 1 hour, 15 minutes. Let cool on a wire rack 20 minutes. Run a knife around edges of cakes to loosen, and turn out cakes onto rack. Turn right side up, and let cool completely. (Cakes can be wrapped in plastic and stored at room temperature for up to 3 days.)\
{\listtext	4.	}Roast the fruit: Raise oven temperature to 350. Combine granulated sugar and vanilla seeds. Add peaches, plums, and Grand Marnier, and toss. Arrange fruit (and vanilla pods, if desired) on a rimmed baking sheet, and roast, stirring halfway through, until fruit is juicy, about 30 minutes. Let cool slightly. Thickly slice cake, top with roasted fruit and juices, blackberries, and currants.}