{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Cardamom Spiced Carrot Cake with White Chocolate Cream Cheese Icing\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs32 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 8 to 10 servings\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs36 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Cake:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}Baking spray (recommended: Baker's Joy)\
{\listtext	\'95	}3/4 cup {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/vegetable-oils/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 vegetable oil}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 cups {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sugar/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 white sugar}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup light {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sugar/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 brown sugar}}, packed\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 teaspoons vanilla extract\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 large eggs, at room temperature\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 cups grated {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/carrot/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 carrots}} (about 6 to 8 carrots)\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup drained crushed pineapple\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 1/2 cups unbleached {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/flour/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 all-purpose flour}}, plus 1 tablespoon\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 teaspoons baking powder\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon baking soda\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon ground {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cardamom/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cardamom}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup buttermilk, at room temperature\
{\listtext	\'95	}3/4 cups toasted pecans, chopped\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Icing:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}3/4 cup (1 1/2 sticks) {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/butter/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 unsalted butter}}, at room temperature\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 packages (12 ounces) cream cheese, at room temperature\
{\listtext	\'95	}6 cups confectioners' sugar, sifted\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 teaspoons {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/extracts/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 vanilla extract}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 ounces fine {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/white-chocolate/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 white chocolate}}, melted and cooled\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons heavy cream\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup sliced almonds, toasted and coarsely chopped\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 For the cake:\
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/grease/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Grease}} 3 (8-inch) round cake pans and line the bottom of the pans with parchment paper. Spray the paper and pans with baking spray. Set the pans aside until ready to use.\
In the bowl of an electric mixer on medium speed, beat the oil and sugars together until combined. Mix in the vanilla and add the eggs, 1 at a time, mixing well after each addition. Add the carrots and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/pineapple/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 pineapple}} and mix until combined.\
In a large bowl {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sift/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 sift}} together the 2 1/2 cups flour, baking powder, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/baking-soda/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 baking soda}}, salt, cardamom and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cinnamon/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cinnamon}}. With the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/mixer/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 mixer}} speed on low, add the flour mixture to the carrot mixture alternately with the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/buttermilk/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 buttermilk}}, beginning and ending with the flour. Mix until just combined. In a small bowl, toss the pecans with the remaining 1 tablespoon of flour. Fold the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/pecan/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 pecans}} into the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/batter/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 batter}}.\
Pour the batter evenly into the prepared {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cake-pans/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cake pans}}. Bake until a toothpick inserted in the center of the cakes comes out clean, about 35 to 45 minutes. Cool the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cake/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cakes}} in the pans on wire racks for 15 minutes. Remove the cakes from the pans and cool completely on the racks.\
While the cakes are cooling, prepare the icing. In the bowl of an electric mixer on medium speed, beat the butter and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cream-cheese/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cream cheese}} together until well combined. Reduce the speed to low and gradually add the confectioners' sugar. Mix until combined. Add the vanilla and white chocolate. Increase the speed to medium-high and beat until smooth, about 1 to 2 minutes. Set aside 1 cup of icing for decoration. Add the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cream/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 heavy cream}} and beat until combined.\
To frost the cake, arrange 1 cake layer on a cake plate. Spread the top with the cream cheese icing and top with a second and third cake layer, spreading the icing between each layer. Spread the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/icing/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 icing}} on top and around the sides of the cake. Apply the almonds to the sides of the frosted cake. Fill a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/pastry-bag/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 pastry bag}}, fitted with a star tip, with the reserved icing and pipe a border around the top of the cake. Cut the cake and serve.\
}