{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Carrot Cake\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs32 \cf2 Makes:  
\b0 \cf0 1 cake or 3 (9-inch) layers\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\fs36 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 Cake:
\f0\b\fs44 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}2 cups {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sugar/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 granulated sugar}}\
   \'95        1 1/2 cups vegetable oil\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 fresh whole eggs\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 cups {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/pastry-flour/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 pastry flour}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 teaspoons {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/baking-soda/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 baking soda}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 teaspoons ground {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cinnamon/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cinnamon}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 cups raw finely ground carrots\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 ounces finely chopped {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/walnut/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 walnuts}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Frosting:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 pounds {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/powdered-sugar/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 powdered sugar}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}12 ounces room temperature cream cheese\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/extracts/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 vanilla extract}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 ounces room temperature \cf2 unsalted butter\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions
\f1\b0\fs42 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Preheat oven to 300 degrees F.\
In a mixing bowl, mix sugar, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/vegetable-oils/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 vegetable oil}}, and eggs. In another bowl, sift together flour, baking soda, salt, and cinnamon. Fold dry ingredients into wet mixture and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/blend/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 blend}} well. Fold in {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/carrot/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 carrots}} and chopped nuts until well blended. Distribute {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/batter/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 batter}} evenly into 3 (9-inch) cake layer pans, which have been generously greased. There will be approximately 1 pound 5 ounces of batter per pan. Place in preheated oven and bake for 50 to 60 minutes. Cool layers in pans, for approximately 1 hour. Store layers in pans, inverted, in closed cupboard to prevent drying. Layers must be a minimum of 1 day old.\
To remove layers from baking pan, turn upside down, tap edge of pan on a hard surface. Center a 9-inch cake circle on top of revolving cake stand. Remove paper from bottom of layer cake. Place first layer, bottom side down, at center of cake stand. With a spatula, evenly spread approximately 3 1/2 ounces of frosting on the layer. Center second layer on top of first layer with topside down. Again with a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/spatula/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 spatula}}, evenly spread approximately 3 1/2 ounces of frosting on the layer. Center third layer on top of second layer with topside down. Using both hands, press firmly but gently, all layers together to get one firm cake. With spatula, spread remainder of {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/frosting/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 frosting}} to cover top and sides of cake. Refrigerated until needed. Display on counter or cake stand with a plastic cover.\
Frosting:\
In a bowl of large {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/mixer/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 mixer}}, place powdered sugar, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cream-cheese/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cream cheese}}, vanilla, and butter. Beat at second speed until thoroughly blended. Hold refrigerated and use as needed.\
}