{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww20640\viewh18960\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Carrot Cake with Cream Cheese Frosting\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs32 \cf2 Makes:  
\b0 \cf0 1 (8-inch) cake, about 10 servings\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs50 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs48 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup melted {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/butter/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 unsalted butter}}, cooled, plus more for buttering pan\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup crushed pineapple, drained\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 large eggs\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/canola-oil/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 canola oil}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 teaspoons vanilla extract\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 pound carrots, peeled and grated on the small holes of the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/grater/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 grater}} (about 3 cups, lightly packed)\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 teaspoons freshly grated ginger\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 cups {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/flour/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 all-purpose flour}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 cups organic cane sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup lightly packed brown muscavado sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 teaspoons {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/baking-soda/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 baking soda}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 teaspoons ground cinnamon\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon ground ginger\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/8 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/3 cup finely diced crystallized ginger\
{\listtext	\'95	}3/4 cup coarsely chopped toasted pecans\
	
\f0\b\fs50 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs48 \cf0 Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Butter and flour 2 (8-inch) round {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cake-pans/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cake pans}} and line the bottoms with parchment paper. Butter the parchment well too.\
Pulse the pineapple in a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/food-processor/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 food processor}} fitted with a metal blade until it is finely chopped. Put the eggs in a bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment. Beat the eggs for 10 seconds. Add the oil, 1/4 cup melted butter, vanilla, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/carrot/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 carrots}}, chopped {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/pineapple/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 pineapple}} and grated fresh ginger and mix until combined.\
Whisk together the flour, sugars, baking soda, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cinnamon/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cinnamon}}, ginger, nutmeg and salt in a bowl until combined. Add the wet ingredients and beat on low speed just until combined. Remove and fold in the crystallized ginger and pecans. Divide the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/batter/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 batter}} between the 2 pans.\
Bake until the tops are a very golden brown and a tester inserted in the center comes out with a few moist crumbs, 40 to 55 minutes. Let the cakes cool in the pans for 15 minutes, then invert them onto a wire rack and let them cool completely. Remove the parchment from the bottoms of each cake. Cool completely before frosting.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs56 \cf0 Cream Cheese {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/frosting/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Frosting}}:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs54 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}2 lbs {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cream-cheese/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cream cheese}}, room temperature\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 sticks of unsalted butter, room temperature\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/extracts/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 vanilla extract}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon lemon zest\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 cups {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/powdered-sugar/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 powdered sugar}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Using a kitchen mixer, combine cream cheese and butter until blended and you have a smooth, light texture. Add the vanilla, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/zest/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 lemon zest}} and powdered sugar and beat until combined. Continue to beat until smooth and glossy - about 7 minutes.\
}