{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red61\green63\blue63;\red71\green155\blue220;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13180\viewh16100\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa120\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs48 \cf2 Chocolate Cake with Espresso Glaze
\b\fs34 \cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa160\ql\qnatural
\cf3 INGREDIENTS\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf2 Serves 8.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b \cf2 		
\fs38 FOR THE CAKE
\b0 \
		3 tablespoons unsalted butter or nondairy margarine, plus more for pan\
		6 ounces bittersweet chocolate, chopped\
		6 large eggs, separated, at room temperature\
		1 cup granulated sugar\
		3 tablespoons instant espresso powder\
		1/4 teaspoon coarse salt\
		1 tablespoon vanilla extract\
\ls1\ilvl0
\b 		FOR THE GLAZE
\b0 \
		3 ounces bittersweet chocolate, chopped\
		1 1/2 tablespoons unsalted butter or nondairy margarine\
		2 teaspoons vanilla extract\
		1/3 cup heavy cream or plain soy milk\
		1/3 cup granulated sugar\
		1 tablespoon instant espresso powder\
		1/4 teaspoon coarse salt\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
\cf2 	
\b \cf3 \
DIRECTIONS\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\b0 \cf2 {\listtext	1.	}Make the cake: Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Butter bottom of a 9-inch springform pan, and line with parchment cut to fit. Melt butter and chocolate in a heatproof bowl set over a pan of simmering water.\
{\listtext	2.	}With a mixer fitted with the whisk attachment, beat egg yolks with 1/2 cup sugar until thick and pale, about 3 minutes. Add espresso and salt, and beat for 1 minute. Add vanilla and chocolate mixture, and beat for 1 minute.\
{\listtext	3.	}In a clean bowl and with a whisk attachment, beat egg whites until foamy. Slowly add remaining 1/2 cup sugar, beating until stiff peaks form. Fold whites into chocolate mixture in 3 additions. Pour batter into prepared pan.\
{\listtext	4.	}Bake until set, 40 to 45 minutes. Let cool completely in pan on a rack. Remove pan sides. Carefully lift cake with a spatula, and remove parchment.\
{\listtext	5.	}Make the glaze: Place chocolate, butter, and vanilla in a bowl. Bring remaining ingredients to a boil, stirring, and pour over chocolate mixture. Whisk until smooth. Serve glaze warm with cake.\
}