{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16020\viewh18260\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs50 \cf0 Chocolate Decadence
\b0 \

\fs32  Makes one 8 or 9 inch cake; serves 10-12\
\

\b\fs46 Ingredients
\b0\fs40 \

\fs38 1      lb. semisweet or bittersweet chocolate, chopped\
1/2   cup plus 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature\
4      extra-large eggs, at room temperature\
1      Tablespoon sugar\
1      Tablespoon all-purpose flour\
3      cups raspberry sauce (recipe below)\
1      cup heavy cream, whipped\
\

\b\fs48 Directions
\b0\fs46 \

\fs40 Position a rack in the middle of as oven and preheat the oven to 475 degrees.\
Butter an 8 or 9 inch springform pan.  LIne the bottom with a cirle of parchment paper\
cut to fit precisely.  Butter the paper and dust with flour; tap out excess.\
\
Place the chocolate and butter in a large heatproof bowl or the top of a double boiler.\
Set over a pan of gently simmering water but not touching the water.  Stir occasionally\
until melted and combined completely.  Remove from the heat and let cool slightly.\
\
Place the eggs and sugar in a bowl.  Using an electric mixer set on high, beat until \
light, fluffy and tripled in volume, 5-10 minutes.  Reduce the speed to lowand beat in \
the flour.  Using a rubber spatula fold one-third of the egg mixture into the chocolate\
to lighten it, then fold in the remaining mixture, taking care not to deflate the batter.\
Pour and scrape into the prepared pan and smooth the top.\
\
Bake exactly 15 minutes.  Let cool completely to room temperature.  Do not refrigerate \
or the cake will stick to the pan.  Remove springform sides.\
\
Cut into small wedges and serve each wedge atop the raspberry sauce.  \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f1\b\fs50 \cf0 Raspberry Sauce\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f2\b0\fs32 \cf2 Makes
\b :  
\b0 \cf0 2 cups
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\fs20 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f1\b\fs42 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f2\b0\fs40 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 half-pint package fresh raspberries\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup granulated sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup water\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup (12 ounces) seedless raspberry jam\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon Framboise liqueur\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f1\b\fs42 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f2\b0\fs40 \cf0 Place the package of raspberries, the granulated sugar, and 1/4 cup water in a small saucepan. Bring to a boil, lower the heat, and simmer for 4 minutes. Pour the cooked raspberries, the jam, and Framboise into the bowl of a food processor fitted with the steel blade and process until smooth. Chill.\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs54 \cf0 \
\
 
\fs48 \
}