{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12040\viewh11820\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl241\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs62 \cf0 Chocolate Eruption Cakes
\fs56 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl241\sb80\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs38 \cf0 Makes:  8  (4-0z.) cakes 
\fs50 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl241\ql\qnatural

\b\fs48 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li80\fi-80\sl241\ql\qnatural

\fs54 \cf0 Ingredients: 
\b0 \
\'95 6 DOVE
\fs47 \up5 \super \'ae 
\fs54 \up0 \nosupersub Dark Chocolate 1.3 oz. Singles Bars \
\'95 2 sticks butter, cut into 1-inch piece \
\'95 5 eggs, room temperature (about 70 degrees) \
\pard\pardeftab720\li80\sl241\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \'95 3/4 cup sugar \
\'95 1/3 cup all-purpose flour, sifted \
\'95 Powdered sugar, for dusting \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl241\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 Directions: 
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl241\sb80\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Preheat oven to 375 degrees. \
Butter eight 4-oz. individual containers; set aside. \
Over a double boiler, melt the chocolate and butter. Keep it hot. \
In the bowl of a standing electric mixer fitted with the whip attachment, add the eggs and sugar; begin to whip on medium speed. Beat for 2 to 3 minutes, just until it turns lemony yellow (not pale or white). \
Meanwhile, whisk the all-purpose flour into the hot chocolate mixture. \
Add the hot chocolate mixture all at once to the mixing bowl with the egg and sugar mixture; whisk for 1 minute. \
Remove from the machine and scrape down the sides of the bowl. Divide the mixture evenly among the containers, filling them just to the top. Place on a baking pan. \
Bake for 5 minutes. Turn the pan one-half-turn and continue baking for 3 to 4 minutes more. The cakes will be firm on the outside rim and erupting in the center. Lightly dust with confectioner\'92s sugar and serve immediately. \

\b  
\b0 \
}