{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red84\green84\blue84;\red51\green51\blue51;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl520\sa80\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs58 \cf0 Chocolate Raspberry Cake
\fs32 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural
\cf2 Yield:  \cf0 6 to 8 servings\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\fs26 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\ql\qnatural

\fs42 \cf0 INGREDIENTS\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0\fs44 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}Chocolate Cake Batter:\
{\listtext	\'95	}12 eggs, separated\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/3 cup cocoa, sifted\
{\listtext	\'95	}Raspberry Filling:\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup raspberry jam\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 cups fresh raspberries, some reserved for garnish\
{\listtext	\'95	}Chocolate Mousse:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}2 cups 35-percent whipping cream\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 cups chopped dark chocolate\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup soft butter\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 egg whites\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}Chocolate shavings, for garnish\
{\listtext	\'95	}Powdered (confectioners') sugar, for garnish\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\ql\qnatural

\b\fs42 \cf0 DIRECTIONS
\fs48 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa160\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs44 \cf3 For the chocolate cake batter: \uc0\u8232 Preheat the oven at 350 degrees F. Butter 2 (9-inch round by 2-inch deep cake pans), and line the bottom with a round of parchment paper. \u8232 Beat the 12 egg yolks with the sugar until thick and pale, about 3 minutes using a hand or stand mixer. Sift and fold in the cocoa using a spatula. \u8232 Beat the egg whites until firm peaks form. Slowly add the egg whites to the chocolate mixture in 3 increments. \u8232 Divide the batter evenly between the pans lined with parchment paper and bake in the middle of the oven for 20 minutes, or until it springs back with the touch of your fingers. Let cool slightly and unmold. Cool completely. \u8232 For the raspberry filling: \u8232 In a small saucepan, melt the raspberry jam, transfer to a bowl and add the fresh raspberries. Stir delicately to coat the raspberries with the jam. Keep aside. \u8232 For the chocolate mousse: \u8232 In a saucepan, bring the cream to a boil and remove from heat. Pour the hot cream on the chopped chocolate and let stand for 2 minutes. Whisk the ganache until smooth. Add the butter and let cool at room temperature for about 30 minutes. 
\b\fs48 \cf0 \

\b0\fs44 \cf3 Beat the 3 egg whites to soft peaks. Add the sugar and continue beating until firm peaks form. Slowly add the meringue in 3 increments to the chocolate ganache. Keep the mixture in the refrigerator for 1 hour. \uc0\u8232 To assemble the cake: \u8232 Remove the parchment paper from the cake and invert one layer onto a plate. Spread half of the chocolate mousse and garnish with the reserved raspberry mixture. Place the second cake layer on top. Spread the remaining mousse and garnish with fresh raspberries. Top with chocolate shavings and sprinkle with powdered sugar.}