{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15020\viewh17900\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl500\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs42 \cf0 Chocolate Pound Cake
\f1\b0\fs32 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260\ql\qnatural

\b \cf2 Serves:\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf0 8 servings\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs38 \cf0 \
Ingredients\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Cake:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl420\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs36 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 cup unsalted butter, room temperature, plus more for pan\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup Dutch-process {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cocoa-powder/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cocoa powder}}, plus more for pan\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 cups {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sugar/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 sugar}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}5 eggs, plus 1 egg yolk\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 3/4 cups all purpose flour\
{\listtext	\'95	}3/4 teaspoon table salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon baking powder\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup buttermilk\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 teaspoons {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/extracts/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 vanilla extract}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs38 \cf0 Glaze:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl420\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs36 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}4 ounces chopped semisweet chocolate\
{\listtext	\'95	}3/4 cup heavy cream\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/corn-syrup/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 corn syrup}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs38 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs36 \cf0 Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Butter a 10-inch {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/bundt-pan/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Bundt pan}} and dust with cocoa powder.\
In a large bowl of a stand {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/mixer/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 mixer}}, add the butter and the sugar. Using the paddle attachment, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cream/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cream}} together until light and fluffy and the volume has increased. Add the eggs and egg yolk, 1 at a time, beating after each addition.\
In another mixing bowl, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/whisk/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 whisk}} together the flour, cocoa powder, the salt, and baking powder.\
Add the dry ingredients alternatively with the buttermilk to the butter and egg mixture ending with the flour. Stir in the vanilla and pour the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/batter/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 batter}} into the prepared Bundt pan. Bake for 1 hour and 10 minutes or until a toothpick inserted in the cake comes out clean. Let cool on a wire rack before turning out onto a serving plate and slicing.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa140\ql\qnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/glaze/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Glaze}}:\
Add the chocolate to a medium-sized bowl. In a small {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/saucepan/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 saucepan}} over low heat, add the cream and bring to a low {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/simmer/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 simmer}}. Pour the cream over the chocolate and add the corn syrup. Once the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/chocolate/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 chocolate}} melts, whisk together to combine. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/drizzle/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Drizzle}} over the cake and serve.}