{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red51\green51\blue51;\red0\green12\blue242;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15740\viewh19480\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\qc

\f0\i\b\fs84 \cf2 Chocolate Mayonnaise Cake
\f1\b0\fs70 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\qc
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\ql\qnatural
\cf2 2 C. Flour\
1 C. Sugar\
2 tsp. Baking soda\
\'bd C. Cocoa*\
\'bc tsp. Salt\
Combine and mix together in a large bowl.\
Add:\
1 C. Mayonnaise\
1 C. Cold water\
1 tsp. Vanilla\
\
Blend well and pour into a greased and floured or sprayed long cake pan or 2 - 8\'94 round pans.\
Bake at 350 for 30 minutes.\
This cake is very moist and black.\
Great when you are out of eggs and oil!\
Variation: Add a small box of instant chocolate pudding to dry ingredients\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa380\qc

\f0\b\fs78 \cf2 Chocolate Frosting
\f1\b0\fs70 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\ql\qnatural
\cf2 \'bd Stick butter\
4 Heaping T. Cocoa*\
2 C. Powdered sugar\
1 tsp. Vanilla\
6 T. Milk\
Melt butter in microwave. Add cocoa and stir thoroughly. Add rest of ingredients and beat on low until mixed thoroughly, adding more milk a little at a time, if needed, until mixture is a spreadable consistency. Beat on high for about 30-45 seconds until well blended.\
Dabble and spread onto hot cake and gently spread around. Too fast will tear cake.\
\
*{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.blogger.com/%3Ciframe%20src=%22http://rcm-na.amazon-adsystem.com/e/cm?t=heyheypaulsge-20&o=1&p=8&l=as1&asins=B001EQ4SHK&ref=qf_sp_asin_til&fc1=000000&IS2=1&lt1=_blank&m=amazon&lc1=0000FF&bc1=000000&bg1=FFFFFF&f=ifr%22%20style=%22width:120px;height:240px;%22%20scrolling=%22no%22%20marginwidth=%220%22%20marginheight=%220%22%20frameborder=%220%22%3E%3C/iframe%3E"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 Hershey's Cocoa Special Dark}}}