{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green101\blue14;\red0\green171\blue189;\red61\green63\blue63;
\red0\green52\blue155;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs38 \cf2 Chocolate-Ginger Cake with Bourbon Sauce
\fs36 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\ql\qnatural

\fs28 \cf0 Serves 10\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs24 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup unsalted butter, (1 stick), softened, plus more for pan\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup unsweetened Dutch process cocoa powder, plus more for dusting\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup unsulfured molasses\
{\listtext	\'95	}3/4 cup packed light-brown sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 large eggs\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup whole milk\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 teaspoons finely grated, peeled fresh ginger\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup all-purpose flour\
{\listtext	\'95	}3/4 teaspoon baking soda\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon coarse salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon ground ginger\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon ground cinnamon\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf3 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.marthastewart.com/recipe/bourbon-sauce"}}{\fldrslt Bourbon Sauce}}\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\ql\qnatural

\fs36 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\fs24 \cf4 {\listtext	1.	}Preheat oven to 325 degrees. Butter a 9-inch Bundt pan. Dust with cocoa powder, and tap out excess; set aside. Put butter, molasses, brown sugar, and 1/4 cup water in a medium saucepan over medium-low heat. Cook , stirring constantly, until butter has melted. Transfer mixture to a large bowl. Let cool 5 minutes.
\f1\b\fs26 \
\ls2\ilvl0
\f0\b0\fs24 {\listtext	2.	}Add eggs, milk, and grated ginger to the molasses mixture; whisk to combine. Sift together flour, cocoa powder, baking soda, salt, ground ginger, and cinnamon into a medium bowl.
\f1\b\fs26 \
\ls2\ilvl0
\f0\b0\fs24 {\listtext	3.	}Gently fold the flour mixture into the molasses mixture until just combined. (There should be lumps remaining.) Pour batter into prepared pan. Bake cake until a cake tester inserted into center comes out clean, about 30 minutes. Let cake cool completely in pan on a wire rack.
\f1\b\fs26 \
\ls2\ilvl0
\f0\b0\fs24 {\listtext	4.	}Invert cake, and unmold onto a cake stand or a large serving platter. Using a spoon, drizzle the warm bourbon sauce over the cake in a back-and-forth motion. Serve immediately.
\f1\b\fs26 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f0\b0\fs24 \cf0 \
\
Read more at Marthastewart.com: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.marthastewart.com/recipe/chocolate-ginger-cake-with-bourbon-sauce-2?backto=true&backtourl=/photogallery/bundt-cake-recipes#slide_6%23ixzz1EpUneD00"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 Chocolate-Ginger Cake with Bourbon Sauce - Martha Stewart Recipes}} }