{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red62\green62\blue62;\red51\green51\blue51;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl520\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf2 Chocolate Liqueur\'a0Cake
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs32 \cf3 Serves 24\

\b\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa360\ql\qnatural

\fs44 \cf3 Ingredients:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl360\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0 \cf3 {\listtext	\'95	}2 cups flour\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 cups sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup butter\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup vegetable oil\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 tablespoons dark unsweetened cocoa\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup whole milk\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup chocolate liqueur\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 eggs\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon baking soda\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon cinnamon\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 teaspoon salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}---
\b Frosting
\b0 ---\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup butter\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 tablespoons cocoa\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup whole milk\
{\listtext	\'95	}less than 1 box (1 pound) powerered sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon chocolate liqueur\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa360\ql\qnatural

\b \cf3 Preparation:\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf3 Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Lightly grease a bundt pan. In large bowl, combine flour and sugar with wire whisk. In medium saucepan, slowly heat butter, oil, cocoa and water. Once ingredients are combined bring to a boil. Pour hot mixture into flour mixture. Mix together. Add rest of ingredients and combine completely. Pour into prepared pan. Bake for 28 to 30 minutes.\
\
Ten minutes before cake is done, make frosting. Combine butter, cocoa and milk in same medium saucepan. Heat slowly until combined. Once combined bring to a boil. Add remaining ingredients. Carefully spread hot icing over hot cake. Allow frosted Chocolate Liqueur Cake to cool before serving.\
\
}