{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid4}
{\list\listtemplateid5\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid5}
{\list\listtemplateid6\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid6}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}{\listoverride\listid5\listoverridecount0\ls5}{\listoverride\listid6\listoverridecount0\ls6}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13780\viewh18920\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs58 \cf0 Chocolate Molton Love Cake
\f1\b0\fs38 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\b \cf2 Serves: 
\b0 \cf0 12 servings\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs42 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}Vegetable spray\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 pound sweet butter\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 pound 64 percent Valrhona chocolate\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 pound sugar (recommended brand: Dixie Crystal)\
{\listtext	\'95	}9 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/eggs/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 eggs}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup cake flour, sifted (recommended brand: King Arthur)\
{\listtext	\'95	}Creme Anglaise, recipe follows\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/butterscotch/index.html"}}{\fldrslt Butterscotch}}\cf0  sauce, store-bought\
{\listtext	\'95	}Raspberry Coulis, recipe follows\
{\listtext	\'95	}Pistachio {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/tuile/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Tuile}}, recipe follows\
{\listtext	\'95	}Chocolate Sauce, recipe follows\
{\listtext	\'95	}Fresh berries, for garnish\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/grease/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Grease}} 12 baking rings with spray and arrange them over a greased and lined baking sheet.\
\
Mix the butter and chocolate in a stainless steel bowl over a double boiler. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/melt/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Melt}} until a smooth texture forms. Put the bowl over a double chiller.\
\
*Cook's Note: This is like a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/double-boiler/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 double boiler}} except the bottom bowl is filled with ice. Add the sugar and eggs to a medium bowl and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/whisk/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 whisk}} to combine. Slowly fold the eggs into the chocolate and butter mixture, then fold in the flour.\
\
Fill the baking rings 1/2-full with the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/batter/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 batter}}. Bake in the oven until the sides have set but the center is glossy, about 6 minutes. Remove from oven, let cool a few minutes, then lift the baking ring off each {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cake/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cake}}.\
\
For assembly, add 1 to 2 tablespoons Creme Anglaise to each serving plate. Add butterscotch {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sauce/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 sauce}} to plates using a fancy design. Do the same with the Raspberry {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/coulis/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Coulis}}. Add a piece of Pistachio Tuile. Transfer the molten cakes from baking sheet to the plates on top of the sauces. Drizzle chocolate sauce on top and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/garnish/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 garnish}} with berries.\
\
A viewer, who may not be a professional cook, provided this recipe. The Food Network Kitchens chefs have not tested this recipe and therefore, we cannot make representation as to the results.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Creme Anglaise:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}3 cups heavy cream 40 percent\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/vanilla/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 vanilla}} bean, preferably Madagascar, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/split/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 split}} and seeds scraped\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 pound granulated sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}9 egg yolks\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 In a medium saucepot pot over medium heat, add the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cream/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cream}}, vanilla bean and seeds, sugar and egg yolks. Stir with rubber spatula directly touching the bottom of the pan keeping the mixture moving without sticking. Cook the mixture on medium heat for 15 minutes until the mixture tightens. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/strain/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Strain}} and chill over an ice bath until smooth, thick and cold.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/raspberry/index.html"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\b\fs44 \cf2 Raspberry}}
\f0\b\fs44  Coulis:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls3\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 pint fresh raspberries\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 ounces simple syrup, recipe follows\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Add the berries and syrup to a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/blender/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 blender}}. Puree, then strain and pour into a squeeze bottle.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Simple Syrup:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls4\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}2 cups granulated sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup water\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Mix {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sugar/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 sugar}} and water together in a pot. Cook on high heat until thick and the sugar has completely dissolved. Cool.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/pistachio/index.html"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\b\fs44 \cf2 Pistachio}}
\f0\b\fs44  Tuile:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls5\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 cup whole {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/milk/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 milk}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}14 ounces melted sweet unsalted butter\
{\listtext	\'95	}14 ounces chopped pistachio {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/nuts/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 nuts}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 1/4 ounces cake flour, sifted\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.\
\
Mix the wet ingredients together in a bowl. Mix the dry ingredients together in a separate bowl.\
Fold the wet with dry, a little at a time, until incorporated. Pour evenly on top of a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/silpat/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 silpat}} lined baking sheet. Bake for 5 minutes. Allow to cool, then break into pieces.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Chocolate Sauce:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls6\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}4 ounces bittersweet {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/chocolate/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 chocolate}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}7 tablespoons water\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup butter\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Add the chocolate, water and butter to a double boiler. Stir until melted then cool and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/drizzle/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 drizzle}} on top of cakes.\
}