{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red62\green62\blue62;\red51\green51\blue51;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl520\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs44 \cf2 Chocolate Bundt Cake With Dark Chocolate Glaze\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs34 \cf3 Serves 10 to 12
\fs28 \

\f0\fs44 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa360\ql\qnatural

\f1\b\fs38 \cf3 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl360\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0 \cf3 {\listtext	\'95	}8 ounces butter (2 sticks)\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup Dutch process cocoa, such as Valrhona or high-quality, such as Scharffen Berger*\
{\listtext	\'95	}3/4 cup water\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 cups granulated sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup sour cream\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon vanilla extract\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 large eggs\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 cups all-purpose flour, stir before measuring\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon baking soda\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon salt\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl360\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b \cf3 Dark Chocolate Glaze
\b0 \
{\listtext	\'95	}4 ounces bittersweet chocolate\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/3 cup heavy whipping cream\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup light corn syrup\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon vanilla extract\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa360\ql\qnatural

\b \cf3 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf3 Grease and flour a 10- to 12-cup Bundt pan. Heat oven to 350\'b0.\
Melt butter in a large saucepan over medium-low heat; add cocoa, stirring until smooth. Whisk in the water and remove from heat. To the warm cocoa mixture, add the sugar, sour cream, 1 tablespoon vanilla, and eggs; whisk until smooth. In another bowl combine the flour, soda, and salt. Add all at once to the first mixture, whisking until well blended.\
Pour batter into prepared pan. Bake for 40 to 45 minutes, or until it feels firm to the touch and has slightly pulled away from the sides of the pan. Cool in pan on a rack for 20 minutes. Carefully loosen the cake with a knife and invert onto a large plate.\
Meanwhile, prepare the glaze:\uc0\u8232 Chop chocolate and put in a small bowl; set aside.\
Combine remaining the heavy whipping cream, corn syrup, and 1 teaspoon vanilla extract in a small saucepan. Cook the mixture, stirring, until mixture boils. Pour over the chocolate and whisk until smooth. Let cool to room temperature then spoon over the cooled cake. If too thick, thin with a little more cream.\uc0\u8232 \
*If you're using a standard baking cocoa (not Dutch-process or high-quality) add 1/2 teaspoon more of baking soda to the dry ingredients.}