{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12600\viewh15440\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl181\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs62 \cf0 Chocolate Lover\'92s Cake 
\b0\fs50 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl241\ql\qnatural

\fs40 \cf0 Makes:  1 (10 ") cake\

\fs42 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li80\fi-80\sl241\ql\qnatural

\b\fs54 \cf0 Ingredients: 
\b0 \
\'95 1 bag Dove Promises Dark Chocolate \
\'95 1 bag Twix Brand Fun Size
\fs47  
\fs54 Bars \
\'95 1 oz. unsweetened chocolate \
\'95 1 1/2 sticks melted butter \
\'95 7 eggs, separated \
\'95 1/3 cup sugar \
\'95 1/4 teaspoon cream of tartar \
\'95 1 cups canned chocolate frosting \
\pard\pardeftab720\li80\sl241\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \'95 2 cups whipped cream or whipped topping \
\'95 2 teaspoons cocoa powder \
\'95 Ribbon \
\'95 1 spring form pan (8 inches round) \
\'95 Wax paper \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl241\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \

\b Directions: 
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl241\sb80\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Preheat oven to 300 degrees. Line the spring form pan\'92s bottom with wax paper. Grease the bottom and sides; set aside. \
Melt both the Dove Promises Dark Chocolate and the unsweetened chocolate with the butter in a small saucepan over low heat, stirring until smooth; set aside. \
Beat the egg yolks and sugar in a large mixing bowl until thick and fluffy, about 5 minutes. Add the chocolate mixture and stir until well blended. \
In a clean bowl, beat the egg whites with cream of tartar until there are soft peaks. Then fold into the chocolate mixture until just blended. Pour into the prepared cake pan and smooth the top. Bake approximately 35-40 minutes, or until the cake rises and the center is almost set. Transfer to a wire rack; let cool completely. Refrigerate at least 3 hours. \
Remove from the pan by running a small knife around the cake\'92s edges. Transfer to a serving platter. Spread the cake\'92s sides with chocolate frosting. Press Twix
\fs47  
\fs54 Brand Fun Size
\fs47  
\fs54 Bars vertically around the cake\'92s sides. \
Spoon the whipped cream into a pastry bag fitted with a large star tip. Cover the cake\'92s top with large piped stars of whipped cream. Sprinkle with cocoa powder. Tie a ribbon around the cake\'92s sides. \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl161\sb80\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0  
\b0 \
}