{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red144\green0\blue0;\red68\green68\blue68;\red55\green40\blue26;
\red252\green122\blue0;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12140\viewh18280\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa100\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs50 \cf2 Chocolate Ginger Chipotle Stout Cake\cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs26 \cf4 Makes one 7\'bd-inch diameter bundt cake, about 8 servings.\
\uc0\u8232 
\i\fs40 1 tablespoon sugar, to line pan
\i0 \

\i 1 cup King Arthur unbleached, all-purpose flour
\i0 \uc0\u8232 
\i \'bd cup unsweetened, premium-quality, natural-process cocoa 
\i0 \uc0\u8232 
\i 1 teaspoon ground ginger
\i0 \uc0\u8232 
\i 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon
\i0 \uc0\u8232 
\i \'bd teaspoon ground chipotle chile (or 1 teaspoon ground ancho chile if you prefer)
\i0 \uc0\u8232 
\i 1 teaspoon baking powder
\i0 \uc0\u8232 
\i \'bd teaspoon baking soda
\i0 \uc0\u8232 
\i \'bd teaspoon fine sea salt
\i0 \

\i \'bd cup vegetable oil
\i0 \uc0\u8232 
\i 1 large egg
\i0 \uc0\u8232 
\i 2 egg yolks
\i0 \uc0\u8232 
\i \'bd cup sugar
\i0 \uc0\u8232 
\i \'bd cup firmly packed brown sugar
\i0 \uc0\u8232 
\i \'bc cup unsulfured molasses
\i0 \uc0\u8232 
\i \'bc cup Guinness stout or\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.rogue.com/beers/chocolate-stout.php"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 Rogue Chocolate Stout}}\'a0
\i0 \uc0\u8232 
\i 2 teaspoons vanilla extract
\i0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf4 {\listtext	.	}Lightly coat a six-cup capacity bundt pan or bread pan (8\'bd by 4\'bd-inches) with vegetable spray. Sprinkle the sugar into the pan and tip the pan in all directions to coat evenly. Turn the pan upside down to remove any excess sugar that does not cling.\
{\listtext	.	}In a medium mixing bowl, sift together the flour, cocoa, ginger, chipotle, cinnamon, baking powder, baking soda, and salt. Reserve.\
{\listtext	.	}In a large mixing bowl, whisk together the oil, egg, egg yolks, sugar, brown sugar, molasses, stout, and vanilla.\
{\listtext	.	}Add the dry ingredients to the wet ingredients and mix just until combined. Don\'92t overdo it or the cake may be tough.\
{\listtext	.	}Pour the batter into the prepared pan.\
{\listtext	.	}Bake at 325\'b0, on the middle rack of the oven, for about 30 minutes, until the top feels springy and a toothpick inserted in the middle comes out clean. Remove the cake from the oven BEFORE the edges begin to pull away from the sides of the pan. Over baking will produce a dry cake.\
{\listtext	.	}Cool the cake on the pan on a wire rack for 15 minutes or so. Turn out onto a wire rack to finish cooling.\
{\listtext	.	}To finish, simply dust with sifted powdered sugar or prepare 
\i Bittersweet Pecan Fudge Glaze
\i0  and spoon over the cooled cake. Let the glaze set until dry to the touch.\
{\listtext	.	}To serve, slice the cake with a serrated knife.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa100\ql\qnatural

\b\fs50 \cf2 Bittersweet Pecan Fudge Glaze
\fs36 \cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\ql\qnatural

\i\b0\fs40 \cf4 \'bd cup unsalted butter 
\i0 \uc0\u8232 
\i \'bd cup premium-quality, unsweetened, natural-process cocoa powder 
\i0 \uc0\u8232 
\i \'bd cup water 
\i0 \uc0\u8232 
\i 1 cup sifted powdered sugar
\i0 \uc0\u8232 
\i 2 teaspoons vanilla extract
\i0 \uc0\u8232 
\i \'bc teaspoon fine sea salt
\i0 \uc0\u8232 
\i 1 cup lightly toasted, roughly chopped pecans or walnuts, optional
\i0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf4 {\listtext	.	}In a medium saucepan, melt the butter over low heat.\
{\listtext	.	}Whisk in the cocoa powder, water, powdered sugar, vanilla, and salt until smooth and creamy. Don\'92t let the glaze get too hot.\
{\listtext	.	}Remove from the heat and stir in the pecans.\
{\listtext	.	}While the glaze is still warm, set the cake on a wire rack set over an edged baking sheet (to catch the drips and then pour the glaze over the cake. Let the glaze set until it is dry to the touch.\
\pard\tx560\pardeftab720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\cf4 \
\
}