{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12220\viewh12240\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa60\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs68 \cf0 Chocolate Malt Ice-Cream Cake
\fs50 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf0 Makes 12 to 16 servings\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 INGREDIENTS\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf0 1 1/2 cups Gold Medal\'ae all-purpose flour\
1 cup sugar\
1/4 cup unsweetened baking cocoa\
1 teaspoon baking soda\
1/2 teaspoon salt\
1 cup water\
1/3 cup vegetable oil\
1 teaspoon white vinegar\
1 teaspoon vanilla\
1 cup chocolate fudge topping\
1 1/2 quarts (6 cups) vanilla ice cream, slightly softened\
2 cups malted milk ball candies, coarsely chopped\
1 cup whipping (heavy) cream\
1/4 cup chocolate fudge topping\
Additional malted milk ball candies, if desired\
\pard\pardeftab720\qr
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 DIRECTIONS
\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa200\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 		Heat oven to 350\'baF. Grease bottom and side of springform pan, 9x3 or 10x2 3/4 inches, with shortening; lightly flour. In large bowl, mix flour, sugar, cocoa, baking soda and salt. Add water, oil, vinegar and vanilla. Stir vigorously about 1 minute or until well blended. Immediately pour into pan.
\b \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0 		Bake 30 to 35 minutes or until toothpick inserted in center of cake comes out clean. Cool completely, about 1 hour.
\b \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0 		Spread 1 cup fudge topping over cake; freeze about 1 hour or until topping is firm. In large bowl, mix ice cream and coarsely chopped candies; spread over cake. Freeze about 4 hours or until ice cream is firm.
\b \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0 		In chilled medium bowl, beat whipping cream with electric mixer on high speed until stiff peaks form.
\b \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0 		Remove side of pan; place cake on serving plate. Top with whipped cream. Melt 1/4 cup fudge topping; drizzle over whipped cream. Garnish with additional candies.
\b \
}