{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red51\green51\blue51;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs66 \cf2 Chocolate Malt Cake\

\itap1\trowd \taflags4 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth24500\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt220 \clpadl220 \clpadb220 \clpadr220 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs54 \cf0 Cake
\b0 \
2 1/4 cups all-purpose flour\
1 1/4 cup sugar\
3/4 cup unsweetened cocoa powder\
1 1/2 teaspoons baking soda\
1 teaspoon baking powder\
1/2 teaspoon salt\
1 cup milk\
1 cup malted milk powder\
1 cup vegetable oil\
3 large eggs\
1 cup sour cream\
1 teaspoon vanilla extract\
\

\b Chocolate Malt Frosting
\b0 \
1 cup butter, softened\
1/2 cup unsweetened cocoa powder\
3/4 cup heavy whipping cream\
1/2 cup malted milk powder\
5 cups confectioners' sugar\
Garnish: malted milk balls\
\
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\qj
\cf0 Preheat oven to 350\'b0F. Grease and flour 3 (9-inch) cake pans.\
\
In the bowl of an electric mixture, combine flour, sugar, cocoa, baking soda, baking powder, and salt.\
\
In a small bowl, combine milk and malted milk powder, stirring to dissolve. Add milk mixture, oil, and eggs to flour mixture, beating at medium speed until smooth. Add sour cream and vanilla, beating just until combined. Pour batter evenly into prepared pans, and bake for 20 minutes, or until a toothpick inserted in center comes out clean. Let cool in pans for 10 minutes. Remove cakes from pans and let cool completely on wire racks.\'a0\
\
To make the frosting, in a large bowl, beat butter and cocoa powder at medium speed with an electric mixer until creamy.\
\
In a small bowl, combine cream and malted milk powder, stirring to dissolve. Add cream mixture to butter mixture, beating at low speed to combine. Gradually beat in confectioners' sugar until smooth.\
\
Spread frosting between layers and on top and sides of cake. Garnish with malted milk balls, if desired.\cell \lastrow\row
}