{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13200\viewh18900\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Chocolate Volcano Cake\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs32 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 12 to 16 servings\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}Nonstick cooking spray\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup shredded sweetened coconut\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup chopped walnuts or pecans\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 package German chocolate cake mix\
{\listtext	\'95	}10 bite-size coconut candy bars, chopped, such as Almond Joy\
{\listtext	\'95	}One 8-ounce package cream cheese, at room temperature\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup (1 stick butter), at room temperature\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 cups confectioners' sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}Chocolate Pecan Glaze, recipe follows\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spray a 13-by-9-by-2-inch pan with nonstick spray.\
Mix the coconut and nuts and spread them evenly in the pan. Prepare the cake mix as directed on the box. Stir in the chopped candy bars. Pour the batter over the coconut and nuts. Combine the cream cheese, butter and sugar. Randomly drop tablespoons of this mixture on top of the batter; do not spread them.\
Bake until the sides of the cake pull away from the pan, 40 to 50 minutes. Pour the warm Chocolate Pecan Glaze over the cake. Slice and enjoy.\
Cook's Note: Paula likes to change the box cake recipe to her liking. You can still follow the directions on the cake box and get a delicious volcano cake. But if you would like to do Paula's version of this cake, add 4 eggs instead of 3 and replaces the water measurement with milk. She also adds a teaspoon of vanilla extract.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Chocolate Pecan Glaze:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup (1 stick butter)\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup milk (more if a thinner consistency is desired)\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons cocoa powder\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon vanilla extract\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 to 2 cups confectioners' sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup pecans, chopped\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 In a saucepan over medium-high heat, combine the butter, milk, cocoa powder and vanilla extract. Once the butter is melted, remove from the heat. Add the sugar and stir until smooth. Stir in the pecans.\
}