{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww19060\viewh18940\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa380\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs78 \cf0 Chocolate Pudding Cake\

\b0\fs48 Serves: 8 
\f1\b\fs74 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b0\fs50 \cf0 Pudding Sauce
\f1\fs62 \

\f0\fs56 1 1/2 cups boiling water
\f1\fs62 \

\f0\fs56 2 teaspoon instant coffee 
\f1\fs62 \

\f0\fs56 1/3 cup granulated white sugar
\f1\fs62 \

\f0\fs56 1/3 cup light brown sugar
\f1\fs62 \

\f0\fs56 1/3 cup unsweetened cocoa powder \

\fs50 Cake
\f1\fs62 \

\f0\fs56 3/4 cup all purpose flour
\f1\fs62 \

\f0\fs56 1/4 cup unsweetened cocoa powder
\f1\fs62 \

\f0\fs56 1/4 teaspoon salt
\f1\fs62 \

\f0\fs56 2 teaspoons baking powder
\f1\fs62 \

\f0\fs56 1 large egg
\f1\fs62 \

\f0\fs56 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted and cooled to room temperature
\f1\fs62 \

\f0\fs56 1/3 cup granulated white sugar
\f1\fs62 \

\f0\fs56 1/3 cup whole milk
\f1\fs62 \

\f0\fs56 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract
\f1\fs62 \

\f0\fs56 \
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F and place rack in center of oven.\'a0\
Spray with a non stick cooking spray, an 8 inch square baking dish.
\f1\fs62 \

\f0\fs56 Stir the instant coffee into the boiling water. In a separate bowl, stir together the white sugar, brown sugar, and cocoa powder.
\f1\fs62 \

\f0\fs56 In a bowl, sift the flour with the cocoa powder, salt, and baking powder. In another large bowl, whisk the egg with the melted butter, sugar, milk, and vanilla extract. Stir the flour mixture into the egg mixture until combined. \
 Spread the batter evenly onto the bottom of the prepared pan. Sprinkle the sugar/cocoa mixture evenly over the cake batter. Gently pour the coffee mixture over the cocoa mixture. Bake for about 25 minutes or until the cake is puffed and just beginning to pull away from the sides of the pan. Remove from oven and place on a wire rack. Serve warm or at room temperature. Leftovers can be covered and stored in the refrigerator. Reheat in microwave.
\f1\fs62 \

\f0\fs56 \
}