{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Coconut Cake with a Lemon Cream Cheese Filling and Boiled Icing\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs32 \cf2 Makes:  
\b0 \cf0 1 (8-inch) cake\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs36 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}2 cups sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup butter, room temperature\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/vegetable-oils/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 vegetable oil}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}5 eggs, separated\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 cups flour, sifted\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/baking-soda/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 baking soda}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup buttermilk\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 cups fresh grated {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/coconut/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 coconut}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 ounces {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cream-cheese/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cream cheese}}, at room temperature\
{\listtext	\'95	}3/4 pounds confectioners' sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 lemon, zested, about 1 tablespoon\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 recipe Boiled Icing, recipe follows\
{\listtext	\'95	}Fresh mint sprigs\
{\listtext	\'95	}Shaker confectioners' sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}Strips {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/zest/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 lemon zest}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.\
Lightly grease and flour 3 (8-inch) {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cake-pans/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cake pans}}. Using an electric mixer, cream the sugar with 1/2 cup of the butter. With the mixer running, add the oil and incorporate thoroughly. Add the egg yolks, 1 at a time, beating well after each yolk. Sift the flour and baking soda together. Alternately add the flour mixture and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/buttermilk/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 buttermilk}} to the egg mixture. Mix thoroughly. Fold in 2 cups of the coconut. Using an electric mixer, beat the egg whites until stiff. Fold the egg whites into the cake batter. Pour the batter into the prepared pans. Bake the cakes for about 25 to 30 minutes or until the center of each cake is set. Using an electric mixer, cream the remaining butter with the cream cheese. Add the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/powdered-sugar/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 powdered sugar}}, lemon zest, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/lemon/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 lemon juice}} and 2 tablespoons of the milk. Mix well. Spread a thin layer of the filling on top of each cake. Place the layers of cake on top of each other. Ice the sides and top of the cake with the boiled icing. Sprinkle the remaining cup of coconut over the top and sides of the cake. Place a slice of the cake on a plate and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/garnish/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 garnish}} with powdered sugar, fresh mint and lemon zest\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/boiled-icing/index.html"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\b\fs44 \cf2 Boiled Icing}}
\f0\b\fs44 :\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}2 cups sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup water\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 egg whites, at room temperature\
{\listtext	\'95	}Pinch salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/8 teaspoon {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cream-of-tartar/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cream of tartar}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon pure {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/extracts/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 vanilla extract}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 In a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/saucepan/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 saucepan}}, over medium heat, combine the sugar and water. Bring to a boil and cook for 3 minutes.\
Bring the sugar to 240 degrees F. **If crystals appear on the side of the pan, take a damp {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/pastry-brush/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 pastry brush}} and brush the sides down. Meanwhile, combine the whites, salt and cream of tartar in the bowl of an electric mixer, fitted with wire whip. Beat on low speed until soft peaks form. Increase the speed to medium-high and beat until stiff peaks form. In a steady stream, add the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sugar-syrup/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 sugar syrup}} to the whites and continue to whipping until the icing is spreadable. Whip in the vanilla.\
Yield: about 2 1/2 cups\
\
}