{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17440\viewh15320\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs56 \cf0 Cream Cheese Pound Cake \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs36 \cf0 12 servings\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs42 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs40 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}Nonstick baking spray with flour\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 cups (3 sticks) butter, softened\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 (8-ounce) package cream cheese, softened\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 cups sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon almond extract\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 cups all-purpose flour\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon baking powder\
{\listtext	\'95	}6 large eggs\
{\listtext	\'95	}Lemon Curd (recipe below)\
{\listtext	\'95	}Strawberries (sliced), Raspberries and Blueberries\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs40 \cf0 For the cake: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Spray a 10-inch Bundt pan with nonstick baking spray with flour .\
In a large bowl, beat the butter and cream cheese at medium-high speed with a mixer until creamy. Add the sugar, beating until fluffy. Beat in the extract.\
In a medium bowl, combine the flour and baking powder. Add 1/3 of the flour mixture to the butter mixture, beating until just combined. Add 2 eggs, beating until just combined. Repeat the procedure twice with the remaining flour mixture and eggs. Spoon the batter into the prepared pan.\
Bake until a wooden pick inserted in the center comes out clean, 1 hour and 10 minutes. Cover the cake with aluminum foil to prevent excess browning during last 10 minutes of baking, if necessary. Let cool in the pan for 10 minutes. Remove from the pan, and cool completely on a wire rack.\
Top slices with lemon curd and fresh fruit.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Lemon Curd
\f1\b0\fs32 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\b \cf2 Serves: 
\b0 \cf0 3 cups\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\fs22 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs46 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs44 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}3 lemons\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 cups {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sugar/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 sugar}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 pound unsalted butter, room temperature\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 extra-large eggs\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup lemon juice (3 to 4 lemons)\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/8 teaspoon {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/salt/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 kosher salt}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs46 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs44 \cf0 Using a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/carrot/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 carrot}} peeler, remove the zest of 3 lemons, being careful to avoid the white pith. Put the zest in a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/food-processor/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 food processor}} fitted with the steel blade. Add the sugar and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/pulse/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 pulse}} until the zest is very finely minced into the sugar.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cream/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Cream}} the butter and beat in the sugar and lemon mixture. Add the eggs, 1 at a time, and then add the lemon juice and salt. Mix until combined.\
Pour the mixture into a 2 quart {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/saucepan/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 saucepan}} and cook over low heat until thickened (about 10 minutes), stirring constantly. The lemon curd will thicken at about 170 degrees F.
\fs40 \
\
}