{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Tahoma;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red92\green73\blue48;\red91\green47\blue10;\red251\green250\blue249;
}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl760\sa300\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs64 \cf2 Double Chocolate Kahlua Cake
\f1\b\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\ql\qnatural

\fs42 \cf0 Cake:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl380\sa100\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0 \cf3 \cb4 {\listtext	\'95	}1 package (18.25 ounces) plain devil's food cake mix\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons unsweetened cocoa powder\
{\listtext	\'95	}3/4 cup Kahlua\
{\listtext	\'95	}3/4 cup buttermilk\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup vegetable oil\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 large eggs\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 \cb1 Fluffy Chocolate Kahlua Frosting:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl380\sa100\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\b0 \cf3 \cb4 {\listtext	\'95	}2/3 cup unsweetened cocoa powder\
{\listtext	\'95	}6 tablespoons boiling water\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons Kahlua\
{\listtext	\'95	}8 tablespoons (1 stick) butter, softened\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 cups confectioners' sugar, sifted\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 \cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl380\ql\qnatural
\ls3\ilvl0
\b0 \cf0 {\listtext	1.	}Place a rack in the center of the oven and preheat the oven to 350 degrees. Grease two 9-inch round cake pans with solid vegetable shortening, then dust with flour. Shake out the excess flour. Set the pans aside.\
{\listtext	2.	}Place the cake mix, cocoa, Kahlua, buttermilk, oil, and eggs in a large mixing bowl. Blend with an electric mixer on low speed for 30 seconds. Stop the machine and scrape down the sides of the bowl with a rubber spatula. Increase the mixer speed to medium and beat 2 minutes more, scraping down the sides again if needed. The batter should look well combined. Divide the batter evenly between the prepared pans, smoothing it out with the rubber spatula. Place the pans in the oven side by side.\
{\listtext	3.	}Bake the cakes until they spring back when lightly pressed with your finger, 28 to 30 minutes. Remove the pans from the oven and place them on wire racks to cool for 10 minutes. Run a dinner knife around the edge of each layer and invert each onto a rack, then invert again onto another rack so that the cakes are right side up. Allow to cool completely, 30 minutes more.\
{\listtext	4.	}Meanwhile, prepare the Fluffy Chocolate Kahlua Frosting. Place the cocoa powder in a large mixing bowl and pour in the boiling water and Kahlua. Stir with a wooden spoon or rubber spatula until the cocoa comes together into a soft mass. Add the butter and blend with an electric mixer on low speed until the mixture is soft and well combined, 30 seconds. Stop the machine. Add the confectioners' sugar and cinnamon and beat with the mixer on low speed until the sugar is incorporated, 1 minute. Increase the mixer speed to medium and beat until the frosting lightens and is fluffy, 2 minutes more.\
{\listtext	5.	}Place one of the layers right side up on a cake plate or stand. Generously and evenly frost the top of the layer. Place the second layer on top, and generously frost the top of the cake creating decorative swirls with the spatula. With the remaining frosting, frost around the sides of the cake using smooth, clean strokes.\
}