{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13580\viewh16560\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs50 \cf0 Double Chocolate Gooey Butter Cake\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs30 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 20 to 24 servings\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs36 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs46 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}8 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, plus 8 more tablespoons unsalted butter, melted   \
{\listtext	\'95	}1 (18.25-ounce) package \cf2 chocolate\cf0  cake mix\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 egg, plus 2 eggs\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 (8-ounce) package \cf2 cream cheese\cf0 , softened\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 to 4 tablespoons \cf2 cocoa powder\cf0 \
{\listtext	\'95	}1 (16-ounce) box powdered sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon \cf2 vanilla extract\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs46 \cf0 Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.\
Lightly \cf2 grease\cf0  a 13 by 9-inch baking pan.\
In a large bowl, combine the cake mix, 1 egg, and 1 stick melted butter, and stir until well blended. Pat mixture into prepared pan and set aside.\
In a stand \cf2 mixer\cf0 , beat the cream cheese until smooth. Add the remaining 2 \cf2 eggs\cf0 , and the cocoa powder. Lower the speed of the mixer, and add the powdered sugar. Continue beating until ingredients are well mixed. Slowly add the remaining 1 stick of melted butter, and the vanilla, continuing to beat the mixture until smooth. Spread filling over cake mixture in pan. Bake for 40 to 50 minutes, the center should still be a little gooey . Be careful not to over bake the \cf2 cake\cf0 . Let cake partially cool on a wire rack before cutting into pieces.}