{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Dulce de Leche Ice Cream Cake\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs32 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 10 to 12 servings\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs46 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup plus 2 tablespoons sifted cake flour\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon baking powder\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/8 teaspoon salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}6 eggs, at room temperature\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/extracts/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 vanilla extract}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 quart Homemade Dulce de Leche Ice Cream, recipe follows, slightly softened\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/chocolate/index.html"}}{\fldrslt Chocolate}}\cf0  sauce, optional topping\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs46 \cf0 Position a rack in the lower third of the oven and preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Grease a 17 by 11-inch jellyroll pan, and spread with parchment paper, leaving a 2-inch overhang on the short sides. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/grease/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Grease}} the paper and set aside.\
Into a small bowl, combine the cake flour with the baking powder and salt.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/whip/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Whip}} the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/eggs/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 eggs}} until foamy, then add the sugar and continue to beat until the eggs are airy and have tripled in volume, 4 to 5 minutes. Add the vanilla extract. Sift about one third of the flour mixture into the batter, folding carefully with a rubber spatula. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sift/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Sift}} and fold in the remaining flour in 2 more additions without over mixing.\
Gently pour the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/batter/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 batter}} down the center of the prepared pan, spreading evenly with a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/spatula/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 spatula}}. Bake until the cake springs back when pressed with a finger, 5 to 7 minutes.\
Gently lift the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cake/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cake}} off of the pan and let rest on a rack for 5 minutes. Turn the cake out onto a sheet of wax paper and slowly pull away the parchment paper.\
Spread the softened ice cream in an even layer over the surface of the cake, leaving a 1/2-inch border along the top and bottom. Starting with the end closest to you, begin rolling up tightly. Wrap in the wax paper, then in {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/plastic-wrap/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 plastic wrap}}, and freeze until firm.\
Carefully unwrap the cake and set on a serving platter. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/drizzle/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Drizzle}}, if desired, with the chocolate sauce and serve.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs46 \cf0 Homemade {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/dulce-de-leche/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Dulce de Leche}} Ice Cream:\
Homemade Dulce de Leche, recipe follows\
2 cups {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cream/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 heavy cream}}\
1 cup {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/milk/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 milk}}\
1/2 cup sugar\
6 large egg yolks\
In a medium heavy {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/saucepan/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 saucepan}}, combine 3/4 cup of the dulce de leche, the cream, milk, and sugar. Bring to a gentle boil over medium heat. Remove from the heat.\
Beat the egg yolks in a medium bowl. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/whisk/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Whisk}} 1 cup of the hot cream mixture into the egg yolks. Gradually add the egg mixture in a slow, steady stream, to the hot cream. Cook over medium-low heat, stirring occasionally, until the mixture thickens enough to coat the back of a spoon, about 5 minutes. Remove from the heat and strain through a fine mesh {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/strainer/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 strainer}} into a clean container. Cover with plastic wrap, pressing down against the surface to keep a skin from forming. Refrigerate until well chilled, about 2 hours.\
Remove from the refrigerator and pour into the bowl of an ice cream machine. Freeze according to the manufacturer's instructions. When the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/ice-cream/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 ice cream}} is nearly completely thickened, pour in the remaining 1/4 cup dulce de leche to create a swirl in the ice cream. Transfer to an airtight container and freeze until ready to serve.\

\fs38 Yield: about 1 quart
\fs46 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs46 \cf0 Homemade Dulce de Leche:\
1 quart milk\
1 cup sugar\
1 vanilla bean, split in half and seeds scraped\
1 teaspoon {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/baking-soda/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 baking soda}}\
2 tablespoons water\
In a large heavy saucepan, combine the milk, sugar, vanilla bean and seeds and bring to a gentle simmer over medium heat, stirring to dissolve the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sugar/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 sugar}}. When the milk begins to get foamy on top, stir to incorporate the foam.\
In a small bowl, dissolve the baking soda in the water, and add to the milk mixture. Reduce the heat to low and cook uncovered at a bare {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/simmer/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 simmer}}. Let cook, stirring occasionally without working the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/foam/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 foam}} into the milk. After 1 hour remove the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/vanilla/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 vanilla bean}}. Continue cooking, skimming occasionally, until tan, very thick, and reduced to about 1 cup, 1 1/2 to 2 hours. (The milk will continue to darken as it cooks.)\
Strain into a clean container and let cool. Cover and refrigerate until ready to use. (The dulce de leche will thicken as it cools, and will keep refrigerated for up to 2 weeks.)\

\fs36 Yield: about 1 cup\
}