{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13100\viewh16160\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\b\fs54 \cf0 FLOURLESS
\fs46  
\fs54 DARK CHOCOLATE CAKE
\b0\fs44 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\fs42 \cf0 Serves 10 to 12\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \

\b\fs50 Ingredients:
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1 \cf0 \'95 6.6 ounces DOVE\'ae Dark Chocolate, 2 3.3oz bars\
\'95 1/2 cup unsalted butter\
\'95 5 eggs\
\'95 3/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons dark cocoa powder, at least 70%\
\'95 1 cup whipping cream (optional for garnish)\
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\b \cf0 Directions:
\f1\b0 \
Preheat oven to 375\'b0F. Butter and parchment line a 9-inch round baking pan.\
Roughly chop chocolate and place in a bowl over a pan of simmering water, but not directly touching water. Add butter and melt until smooth. In the meantime, whisk eggs\
until slightly frothy. Remove from heat and whisk in eggs. Using a rubber spatula, fold in the 3/4 cup cocoa powder (reserving the 2 tablespoons aside) until just incorporated and pour into prepared pan. Bake for 25 to 30 minutes, until crust on top of cake forms.\
While cake is baking, pour cream and cocoa powder in a large bowl to whip ingredients in later and place in refrigerator to dissolve powder and chill bowl.\
Cool for at least 10 minutes before turning upside down onto serving plate. Remove parchment paper if stuck. Whip the cream and cocoa powder in chilled bowl until just stiff peaks form. Serve along side slice of cake or frost cake with chocolate whipped cream.}