{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red210\green100\blue0;\red102\green107\blue113;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15360\viewh19800\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs62 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd-4\expndtw-20
Flourless Chocolate Kahlua Cake
\b0\fs48   I\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs40 \cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Makes (1) ten-inch cake
\f0\fs48 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd-4\expndtw-20
\

\f1\b\fs50 \cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Ingredients: 
\b0 \uc0\u8232 7 extra large egg whites  \u8232 1 cup sugar\u8232 \'bd pounds unsalted butter, cut into small pieces\u8232 \'bd pound bittersweet chocolate, broken into small pieces.\u8232 1 tablespoon pure vanilla extract\u8232 1 tablespoon espresso\u8232 3 tablespoons Kahlua\

\b Directions:
\b0 \uc0\u8232 Preheat oven to 300F. Grease and flour a 10 inch spring form pan.\
Place egg whites and sugar in a mixing bowl and whip into firm peaks.\
Melt butter and chocolate in a double boiler over low heat, stirring until smooth.\
Add vanilla, espresso, Kahlua and chocolate mixture to egg whites and gently fold until smooth. Pour into prepared pan and bake on center rack for 40 minutes.\
Remove from oven. Wait 5 minutes and press sides down so the top of cake is even. Cool and refrigerate for 4 hours or until set. Remove cake from pan. Cut with hot knife into 8 pieces. Serve with berries or vanilla ice cream.\
Note: This cake is extremely rich. Do not give overly generous portions. Whipped cream or ice cream cut some of the richness.}