{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Flourless Chocolate Kahlua Cake with Cajeta\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs32 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 10 to 12 servings\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs36 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}16 tablespoons (2 sticks) {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/butter/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 unsalted butter}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}8 ounces {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/chocolate/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 semisweet chocolate}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}7 egg yolks\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 ounces {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/coffee/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 coffee}} liqueur \
{\listtext	\'95	}Whites from 5 eggs\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup sliced almonds, toasted\
{\listtext	\'95	}Cajeta, recipe follows\
{\listtext	\'95	}Strawberry-lime salsa, recipe follows\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Cajeta:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup water\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}Approximately 1/2 cup {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cream/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 heavy cream}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons butter\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Strawberry-Lime Salsa:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls3\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 pints strawberries\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/key-lime/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 key limes}} or 1 large lime, juiced\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 tablespoons chiffonade of mint\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 Preheat oven to 350 degrees and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/grease/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 grease}} a 9-inch round {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/pie-pans-tins-plates/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 pie pan}}. Line pan with greased parchment or waxed paper. In the top of a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/double-boiler/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 double boiler}}, melt the butter and chocolate and stir until smooth. Whip the egg yolks and the sugar until fluffy and pale in color. Fold butter and chocolate mixture into the egg yolk and sugar mixture, adding the coffee {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/liqueur/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 liqueur}}. Whip the egg whites to soft peaks and gently fold into the chocolate mixture. Pour into the pie pan and bake for 25 to 35 minutes then allow to cool completely.\
Cajeta: In a medium {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/saucepan/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 saucepan}}, bring water and sugar to a boil, do not stir. Remove from heat when the sugar is amber in color and add enough cream to thin the caramel to a fairly liquid consistency. Stir in butter. To test consistency, dip a spoon into the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/caramel/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 caramel}} mixture and allow to cool. If the "cajeta" is gooey but holds its shape, it's ready; if it hardens too much, add a little more cream and test again.\
Strawberry-Lime Salsa: In a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/blender/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 blender}}, puree half the strawberries with the lime juice and the sugar. Strain and reserve. Cut the remainder of the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/strawberry/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 strawberries}} in quarters and mix with the puree. Add {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/chiffonade/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 chiffonade}} of mint.\
When the cajeta has cooled a little, but is still warm, pour over cake on top of a wire rack to catch the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/drippings/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 drippings}}. Using your hand, pat almonds all around the sides of the cake. Refrigerate for 2 hours and serve chilled with salsa.}