{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red84\green84\blue84;\red0\green101\blue159;\red51\green51\blue51;
}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl520\sa80\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs66 \cf0 Flourless Chocolate Cake: Torta di Cioccolato\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\fs40 \cf2 Yield:  \cf0 6 servings\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\ql\qnatural

\fs52 \cf0 INGREDIENTS\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0\fs48 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}6 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus more or greasing the pan\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/4 cups granulated sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}6 large eggs, separated\
{\listtext	\'95	}5 tablespoons instant espresso\
{\listtext	\'95	}6 tablespoons Dutch-processed cocoa powder (recommended: Droste)\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}6 tablespoons dark rum or Marsala\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 cups ground, toasted, blanched almonds\
{\listtext	\'95	}All-purpose flour, for coating the pan\
{\listtext	\'95	}Confectioners' sugar, for dusting\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\ql\qnatural

\b\fs52 \cf0 DIRECTIONS\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa160\ql\qnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/melt/index.html"}}{\fldrslt 
\b0\fs48 \cf3 Melt}}
\b0\fs48 \cf4  the butter in a glass bowl over simmering water. Once the butter melts, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/whisk/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 whisk}} in the sugar and the egg yolks, and cook for 5 minutes, stirring constantly so that the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/eggs/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 eggs}} become ribbon-like and light in color (don't scramble.) Whisk in the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/coffee/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 coffee}}, cocoa powder, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/rum/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 rum}} and almonds, and continue cooking, stirring constantly, until the mixture becomes smooth and creamy. \uc0\u8232 Transfer the cake mixture to a mixing bowl and set aside. \u8232 Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. \u8232 Butter and flour a 9-inch round {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cake-pans/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 cake pan}}. \uc0\u8232 In a clean, separate mixing bowl, beat the egg whites until the just begin to stiffen and hold soft peaks. Be sure to stop before they form hard peaks. Gently fold the whites into the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/chocolate/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 chocolate}} mixture. Pour the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/batter/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 batter}} into the prepared pan and bake until firm and beginning to separate from the sides, about 30 minutes. Remove from the oven and allow to cool 30 minutes more. Flip cake over, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/dust/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 dust}} with confectioners' sugar and cut into wedges before serving.}