{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;\f2\ftech\fcharset77 Symbol;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green12\blue242;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12400\viewh17840\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs50 \cf0 Flourless Nutella Chocolate Cake \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs46 \cf0 7 oz. unsalted butter, cut into chunks
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 3 1/2 oz. dark chocolate (I used Venchi 56%)
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 7 oz. Nutella
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 3 1/2 oz. white sugar
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 6 eggs, separated
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 1 t. instant coffee or espresso powder\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 		Butter and lightly coat a 9
\f2 \uc0\u8243 
\f0  springform pan with cocoa powder. Preheat the oven to 350F / 175C, and move your baking rack to the lowest rung / place in the oven.\
		Cut the butter into chunks and the dark chocolate as well, and melt in a double boiler or in the microwave until smooth. If melting in a microwave, take out to stir every 30 seconds or so until smooth.\
		Remove from heat/microwave and add the Nutella to the still-warm chocolate mix and mix well, until incorporated completely with a small whisk or fork. Add the instant coffee / espresso powder as well and mix.\
		Separate the egg whites and egg yolks into two separate bowls. Add the white sugar to the yolks and beat for a minute or two with a hand mixer or a whisk.\
		Add the chocolate mixture to the egg yolks and mix thoroughly.\
		In the bowl where the egg whites are separated out, whisk / beat them until peaks start to form, tending toward stiffer peaks rather than just soft peaks.\
		Add the beaten egg whites back to the chocolate mixture, mixing by hand until fully incorporated (this may take a few minutes) with a whisk.\
		Pour the mixture into the springform pan and place into the oven. Bake for 20-30 minutes (mine was done closer to 30 minutes). Test after 20 minutes how jiggly the center of the cake still is \'96 you don\'92t want the cake to be completely solid when finished but the center should not sway when moved. Stick a toothpick in a few places to make sure it\'92s cooked through and the toothpick comes out clean.\
		Let cool (the cake will probably deflate quite a bit) at least 30 minutes before serving, and garnish with chopped hazelnuts or hazelnut halves.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b \cf0 		\
Chocolate Idiot Cake ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.davidlebovitz.com/2007/01/shf-27-chocolat-1/"}}{\fldrslt 
\i\b0 \cf2 \ul \ulc2 David Lebovitz\'92s Chocolate Cake}}
\i\b0 )
\f1\i0 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 One 9-inch (23 cm) cake	\
10 ounces (290 g) bittersweet or semisweet chocolate, coarsely chopped (recommend ScharffenBerger)
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 7 ounces (200 g) butter, salted or unsalted, cut into pieces
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 5 large eggs, at room temperature
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 1 cup (200 g) sugar\
Preheat the oven to 350F (175C).\
Butter a 9-inch (23 cm) springform pan* and dust it with cocoa powder, tapping out any excess. If you suspect your springform pan isn\'92t 100% water-tight, wrap the outside with aluminum foil, making sure it goes all the way up to the outer rim.\
Melt the chocolate and butter in a double boiler (or microwave), stirring occasionally, until smooth. Remove from heat.\
In a large bowl, whisk together the eggs and sugar, then whisk in the melted chocolate mixture until smooth.\
Pour the batter into the prepared springform pan and cover the top of the pan snugly with a sheet of foil. Put the springform pan into a larger baking pan, such as a roasting pan, and add enough hot water to the baking pan to come about halfway up to the outside of the cake pan.\
Bake for 1 hour and 15 minutes.\
You\'92ll know the cake is done when it feels just set, like quivering chocolate pudding. If you gently touch the center, your finger should come away clean.\
Lift the cake pan from the water bath and remove the foil. Let cake cool completely on a cooling rack.\
Serve thin wedges of this very rich cake at room temperature, with 
\i creme anglaise
\i0 , ice cream, or whipped cream.\
Storage: This Chocolate Idiot Cake can be wrapped and chilled in the refrigerator for 3-5 days.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 \
}