{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs50 \cf0 Fudgy Peanut Butter Brownie Cake\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs30 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 8 servings\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs34 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs42 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs40 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}No-Stick Cooking Spray\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 (12.35 oz.) pkg. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/chocolate/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 chocolate}} fudge brownie mix\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/3 cup {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/canola-oil/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 canola oil}} \
{\listtext	\'95	}3 tbsps. water\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 large egg\
{\listtext	\'95	}3/4 tsp. almond extract\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup crunchy peanut butter\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/3 cup chopped peanuts\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 (11.75 oz.) jar hot fudge {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/ice-cream/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 ice cream}} topping\
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b\fs42 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs40 \cf0 HEAT oven to 350 degrees F. Coat bottom and sides of a springform pan lightly with no-stick {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cooking-spray/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cooking spray}}.\
PREPARE brownie mix as directed on package using oil, water and egg. Stir in {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/almond-extract/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 almond extract}}, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/peanut-butter/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 peanut butter}} and peanuts until blended. Spread batter evenly into prepared pan.\
BAKE 40 to 42 minutes or until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean. Cool completely in pan. Place cake on serving platter. Stir topping until smooth. Spread over cake, covering top and sides. Place the tip of a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/frosting/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 frosting}} knife at the center of cake, pulling the knife toward the outer edge in a slight arc. Turn cake a notch counter clockwise. Repeat knife pull as a pattern forms all around the cake. \
}