{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs54 \cf0 Ginger Angel Food Cake\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs34 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 8 to 10 servings\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs38 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 For the cake:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs46 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 cup minus 1 tablespoon cake flour\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 cups confectioners' sugar, plus more for topping\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 teaspoon salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}11 large egg whites, at room temperature\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 teaspoons cream of tartar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup granulated sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon vanilla extract\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon finely grated lime zest\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 tablespoons finely grated peeled ginger\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 For the sauce:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs46 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}3 half pints raspberries\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/3 cup granulated sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon finely grated lime zest\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon fresh lime juice\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs46 \cf0 Make the cake: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Sift the flour, confectioners' sugar and salt onto a sheet of parchment paper. Sift again, then set aside.\
Beat the egg whites in a large bowl with a mixer on medium speed until frothy. Add the cream of tartar and beat until soft peaks form, about 5 minutes. Gradually beat in the granulated sugar, about 1 tablespoon at a time, then increase the speed to medium high and continue beating until stiff, shiny peaks form, 12 to 15 minutes. Add the vanilla, lime zest and ginger and beat a few seconds to combine.\
Sprinkle one-quarter of the flour mixture over the egg mixture and gently fold with a rubber spatula. Fold in the remaining flour mixture in 3 additions. Transfer the batter to an ungreased 10-inch tube pan. Bake until the cake feels springy and a toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean, 40 to 50 minutes. Invert the pan onto a funnel or the neck of a bottle and cool completely. Loosen the edges with a small knife, tap the sides of the pan against the counter and unmold.\
Make the sauce: Puree 2 half pints raspberries in a blender with 2 tablespoons water, the granulated sugar, lime zest and lime juice. Strain to remove the seeds. Top the cake with confectioners' sugar, the sauce and the remaining raspberries.\
\
}