{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs54 \cf0 Ginger Rum Cake\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs34 \cf2 Serves:  10-12
\b0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\fs38 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs46 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}3 cups sifted {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/flour/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 all-purpose flour}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 teaspoons double-acting baking powder\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 pound (1 cup) {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/butter/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 butter}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 cups sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/eggs/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 eggs}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}2/3 cup {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/milk/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 milk}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/3 cup ginger-flavored rum (see Note)\
{\listtext	\'95	}1-3 tablespoons (to your taste) finely grated fresh ginger (preferably from your rum jar)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs46 \cf0 Adjust rack one-third up from bottom of oven. Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Butter a 9 x 3?-inch {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/tube-pan/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 tube pan}} (or two loaf pans). {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sift/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Sift}} together flour, baking powder, and salt and set aside. Combine milk and rum and set aside. In large bowl of electric mixer {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cream/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cream}} the butter. Add the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sugar/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 sugar}} and beat for 2 to 3 minutes. Beat in the eggs individually, scraping the bowl as necessary with a rubber spatula to keep mixture smooth. On lowest speed alternately add the dry ingredients in three additions and the milk/rum in two additions, scraping the bowl with the rubber {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/spatula/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 spatula}} as necessary and beating only until smooth after each addition. Stir in grated ginger. Turn the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/batter/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 batter}} into prepared pan(s). Level top by gently shaking pan back and forth.\
Bake for about 65 minutes until a cake tester comes out dry. Let cake stand in the pan for about 3 minutes and then cover with a rack and invert. Remove pan, leaving the cake upside down. Place over a large piece of aluminum foil or wax paper and prepare glaze.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/glaze/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 GLAZE}}: 1/3 cup {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/rum/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 rum}}, 1-2 tablespoons sugar\
Stir the rum and sugar together and brush all over the hot cake until absorbed. If using loaf pans, turn the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cake/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cakes}} over and brush the tops too.\
Do not cut cake for at least several hours.\
Note: To make ginger-flavored rum, soak slices of fresh ginger in rum for at least a week. The {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/alcohol/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 alcohol}} will {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/preserve/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 preserve}} the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/ginger/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 ginger}} for a very long time. I keep using the ginger from the jar and then just add more to keep the flavor consistent as I use and then add more rum too.}