{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10500\viewh15240\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Ginger-Rum Bundt Cake\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs32 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 10 to 12 servings\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs36 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 For the cake:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 cup toasted {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/pecan/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 pecans}}, finely chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 cups all purpose flour\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 teaspoons baking powder\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon table salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}3/4 cup whole milk, room temperature\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon freshly grated ginger\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/extracts/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 vanilla extract}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 sticks {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/butter/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 unsalted butter}}, room temperature\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sugar/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 granulated sugar}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup packed golden {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sugar/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 brown sugar}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 large eggs, room temperature\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 large egg yolks, room temperature\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 For the syrup:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 cup dark {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/rum/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 rum}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup water\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup granulated sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon freshly grated ginger\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 For the cake:\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 Heat oven to 350 degrees F and arrange a rack in the lower third. Brush a 12-cup Bundt pan thoroughly with melted butter, coat with flour, and tap out the excess. Sprinkle {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/nuts/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 nuts}} in bottom of pan and set aside.\
Whisk together flour, baking powder, and salt in a medium bowl until evenly combined; set aside. Whisk together {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/milk/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 milk}}, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/ginger/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 ginger}}, and vanilla in a second small bowl until evenly combined.\
Combine butter and sugar in a the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with a paddle attachment and beat on medium speed until mixture resembles wet sand and is light, about 3 minutes. Add {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/eggs/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 eggs}} one at a time until incorporated and mixture is smooth. Scrape down mixer and sides of bowl. Reduce {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/mixer/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 mixer}} to low, add 1/3 flour mixture and whisk until just moistened through. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/whisk/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Whisk}} in 1/2 milk mixture and whisk until just moistened. Repeat until all ingredients are added, ending with flour. Transfer batter to prepared {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/bundt-pan/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Bundt pan}} and smooth out so {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/batter/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 batter}} is even.\
Bake until {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cake/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cake}} is set, golden brown, and a cake tester inserted in middle comes out clean, about 50 minutes. Transfer to a rack, let cool 10 minutes, then invert onto a wire rack, remove from pan, and let cool completely.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 For the syrup:\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 Combine all ingredients in a small {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/saucepan/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 saucepan}} and place over medium heat. Bring to a boil and cook until slightly syrupy, about 5 minutes. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/strain/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Strain}} and set aside to cool slightly.\
When cake is at room temperature, use a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/skewer/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 skewer}} to poke holes all over the top. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/drizzle/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Drizzle}} the syrup into the holes in the cake, small spoonful by spoonful, making sure it goes into the cake and doesn't flow down. Let sit at least 4 hours so the syrup can soak into the cake.}