{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red94\green94\blue94;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww18240\viewh20240\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs46 \cf2 \
Godiva Chocolate Lava Cake\

\b0\fs34 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ri1100\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 		4 ounces Godiva Dark Chocolate Callets\
		1/2 cup boiling water\
		1 tablespoon espresso powder\
		1 cup sour cream\
		2 cups all purpose flour\
		2 cups pecans (finely chopped or ground in food processor)\
		1 teaspoon salt\
		1 3/4 cups confectioners' sugar\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ri1100\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf2 		3/4 cup cocoa powder\uc0\u8232 (plus more for dusting pan)\
		4 eggs\
		2 egg yolks\
		1 tablespoon vanilla\
		2 1/4 sticks butter\
		1 cup light brown sugar\
		3/4 cup granulated sugar\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2160\sl320\sa320\ql\qnatural
\cf2 \
Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Grease a bundt pan and dust with cocoa powder.\
In a medium bowl, pour boiling water over Godiva Dark Chocolate Callets and whisk until smooth. Whisk in sour cream and set aside. In a large bowl whisk together flour, ground pecans, confectioners' sugar, cocoa and salt.\
In an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, beat granulated sugar, brown sugar and butter on medium speed until light and fluffy (about 2 mins). Turn mixer to low and add eggs and yolks slowly, scraping down the bowl as necessary until well combined.\
Add the dry mixture in three additions alternating with two additions of the chocolate sour cream mixture.\
Scrape batter into prepared pan, smooth batter and bake for no longer than 45 mins. The edges should start to pull away from sides of pan and the top will looked cracked. A cake tester placed in center will be very wet. Let cake cool in pan on a wire rack for 1\'bd hrs. Invert onto serving plate and let cool, about 2 hrs. Pour fudge glaze over top of cake and let set for 10 mins.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa300\ql\qnatural

\b\fs38 \cf2 Fudge Glaze
\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ri1100\ql\qnatural
\ls3\ilvl0
\fs34 \cf2 		2/3 cup heavy cream\
		2 tablespoons cocoa powder\
		2 teaspoons espresso powder\
		1 tablespoon corn syrup\
		1 tablespoon honey\
		4 ounces Godiva Dark Chocolate callets\
		1 or 2 tablespoons Godiva Mocha Liqueur (optional)\
		1/4 cup Godiva White Chocolate callets\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2160\sl320\sa320\ql\qnatural
\cf2 In a medium saucepan combine cream, cocoa powder, espresso powder, corn syrup and honey. Bring to a simmer over medium heat and add the chocolate callets. Whisk and continue cooking for 2 minutes until mixture is bubbling. Take off heat and let cool completely. Pour glaze over top of cake and let set for at least 10 minutes. Melt white chocolate callets and drizzle over cake before serving.\
}