{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14480\viewh15840\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs58 \cf0 Grapefruit Cake with Grapefruit Cream Cheese Frosting\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs38 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 8 servings\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 cups cake flour, sifted\
{\listtext	\'95	}3/4 cup sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 teaspoons baking powder\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup water\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup vegetable oil\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon grapefruit zest\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 tablespoons grapefruit juice\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 egg yolks\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/eggs/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 eggs}} whites\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 teaspoon cream of tartar\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 Preheat oven at 350 degrees F. Line a 9-inch cake pan with waxed paper and spray with nonstick oil.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sift/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Sift}} together flour, sugar, baking powder and salt into a mixing bowl. Make a well in the center for dry ingredients. Add water, oil, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/zest/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 zest}}, grapefruit juice and egg yolks. Beat until smooth. Beat egg whites and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cream-of-tartar/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cream of tartar}} separately until whites are stiff but not dry. Gradually fold egg whites into flour mixture with a rubber spatula until just blended. Do not stir the mixture.\
Pour {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/batter/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 batter}} into prepared cake pan.\
Bake for 25 minutes or until cake springs back when gently touched with a finger. Invert pan on {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cake/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cake}} rack to cool. Run spatula around edge of cake. Carefully remove from pan. With a serrated knife, gently cut layer in half.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Grapefruit {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cream-cheese/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Cream Cheese}} Frosting:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}2 (6-ounce) packages cream cheese\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 teaspoons {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/grapefruit/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 grapefruit}} juice\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon grapefruit zest\
{\listtext	\'95	}3/4 cup powdered sugar, sifted\
{\listtext	\'95	}6 to 8 drops yellow {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/food-coloring/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 food coloring}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 (1-pound) can grapefruit sections, well drained\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Let cream cheese soften to room temperature. Beat cheese until fluffy. Add grapefruit juice and zest. Gradually {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/blend/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 blend}} in sugar. Mix until well blended. Add food coloring. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/crush/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Crush}} several grapefruit sections to measure 2 teaspoons.\
Blend into frosting. Spread {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/frosting/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 frosting}} on bottom half of cake. Top with several grapefruit sections. Cover with second layer of cake. Frost top and sides. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/garnish/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Garnish}} with remaining grapefruit sections.}