{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red76\green76\blue76;\red51\green51\blue51;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww21440\viewh20580\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl600\ql\qnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.theparsleythief.com/2008/11/gingerbread.html"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\fs70 \cf2 Guinness Stout Ginger Cake}}
\f0\fs70 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs36 \cf3 Makes one Bundt Cake
\fs52 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural
\cf2 \
1 cup of Guinness Stout\
1 cup of dark molasses\
1/2 teaspoon of baking soda\
2 cups of flour \
1 1/2 teaspoons of baking powder\
2 tablespoons of ground ginger\
1 teaspoon of cinnamon\
1/4 teaspoon of ground cloves\
1/4 teaspoon of freshly grated nutmeg\
1 cup of sugar\
1 packed cup of dark brown sugar\
3 eggs\
3/4 cup of vegetable oil\
\
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees.  \
Generously butter and flour your bundt pan. \
Add the beer to a large saucepan, along with dark molasses.  Bring the beer/molasses mixture to a boil, and once boiling whisk in the baking soda. Set this aside to cool to room temperature.  \
Add flour, baking soda, ginger, cinnamon, cloves and nutmeg to a mixing bowl.  Whisk to combine.  In a separate, large mixing bowl, add sugar, dark brown sugar, and eggs.  Whisk to combine.  Then whisk in vegetable oil,  and the cooled molasses mixture.  Add the dry ingredients, and whisk some more.\
Pour into the prepared pan.  Bake for about 50-60 miinutes, or until a toothpick inserted in the middle comes out clean.\
Let the gingerbread cool & serve with fresh whipped cream.\
    }