{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red84\green84\blue84;\red51\green51\blue51;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid4}
{\list\listtemplateid5\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid5}
{\list\listtemplateid6\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid6}
{\list\listtemplateid7\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid7}
{\list\listtemplateid8\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid8}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}{\listoverride\listid5\listoverridecount0\ls5}{\listoverride\listid6\listoverridecount0\ls6}{\listoverride\listid7\listoverridecount0\ls7}{\listoverride\listid8\listoverridecount0\ls8}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17280\viewh20280\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl520\sa80\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs66 \cf0 Heart-Shaped Chocolate Raspberry Cakes\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs40 \cf2 Yield:  \cf0 Twenty-four heart cakes\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\ql\qnatural

\fs48 \cf0 INGREDIENTS\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs42 \cf0 DEVIL'S FOOD:
\b0\fs48 \
{\listtext	\'95	}3 cups granulated sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 3/4 cups all-purpose flour\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/8 cups cocoa powder (natural or Dutch-processed), sift if lumpy\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon baking powder\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 1/4 teaspoons baking soda\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 teaspoons salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 large eggs\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 cups buttermilk\
{\listtext	\'95	}3/4 cup vegetable oil\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 teaspoons vanilla extract\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/4 cup hot coffee\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup rum or brandy (or equal parts coffee)\
\ls2\ilvl0
\b\fs42 RASPBERRY CREAM:
\b0\fs48 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls3\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 cup heavy cream\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 tablespoons raspberry preserves\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls4\ilvl0\cf0 CHOCOLATE GANACHE:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls5\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup apricot jam, heated and strained if there are chunks of fruit\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup heavy cream\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup milk\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls6\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons corn syrup\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 pound bittersweet chocolate, finely chopped\
\ls6\ilvl0
\b\fs42 BLACKBERRY COULIS:
\b0\fs48 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls7\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}2 cups frozen or fresh blackberries\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 tablespoons sugar\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls8\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon creme de cassis or frambois liqueur\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 DIRECTIONS
\fs52 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa160\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs48 \cf3 To make the devil's food cake: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F and line two jelly roll pans with parchment. \uc0\u8232 Combine the sugar, flour, cocoa powder, baking powder, baking soda, and salt together in a large bowl and whisk until combined, set aside. \u8232 Whisk together, eggs, milk, oil and vanilla until well combined. Add the egg mixture to the dry ingredients and whisk until smooth. Slowly add the hot coffee and rum to the batter and whisk until smooth, about 2 minutes. The batter will be quite runny. \u8232 Pour into prepared pans and bake the layers for about 20 minutes or until set. Cool on a rack. Can be made and refrigerated the day before. \u8232 Cut the devil's food cake with a heart cookie cutter. Depending on the size of your cutter this will get you about 12 2-layer cakes per sheet. \u8232 To make the cream: Whip the heavy cream until soft peaks, add the raspberry preserves and continue whipping until stiff peaks. Fill a pastry bag, fitted with a round pastry tip and pipe the cream on half of the heart shaped cakes. \u8232 Top the cream with another layer of cake. Cover the cake with plastic wrap and refrigerate while you make the ganache. \u8232 To make the ganache: Heat the strained apricot preserves in a saucepan over medium-low heat until melted. Add the cream, milk and corn syrup and heat just to simmer. Remove from the heat. Add all the chopped chocolate, swirl the pot to make sure the chocolate is completely covered by the cream. Let sit for about 3 minutes and then gently whisk until smooth. \u8232 Pour about 1 cup of the hot ganache into a shallow dish and refrigerate for 10 minutes or until slightly firm, but still spreadable. Leave the remainder of the ganache in the pot to keep it pourable. \u8232 With a small spatula, spread the refrigerated ganache over the sides of the cakes. The goal is to fill the gap between the layers of cake and make them smooth. We want a smooth surface so that when you pour the ganache over the cakes you will not have any bumps. \u8232 To pour the ganache on the cakes: Set the cakes on a cooling rack over a sheet pan lined with parchment. You want to do this to catch all of the dripping chocolate. \u8232 Slowly pour the ganache over the cake, starting in the middle and working outward. Be sure to check all the sides as you go. There will be a lot pooled up on the parchment, but you can scrape that up and melt to use again. \u8232 If your ganache starts to get too thick, return the pot to the stove and heat on very low heat, just for a few seconds. \u8232 Allow the cakes to set at room temperature for about 20 minutes. If you need to refrigerate them, they will lose their shine. Once you return them to room temperature the shine will come back. \u8232 To make the blackberry coulis: Cook the berries, sugar and liqueur in a saucepan over low heat at a simmer for about 5 minutes. Use an immersion blender to puree the berries. Strain through a chinois or fine mesh strainer. \u8232 \
}