{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red84\green84\blue84;\red51\green51\blue51;\red0\green101\blue159;
}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17200\viewh19960\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl520\sa80\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs66 \cf0 Ice Cream Cake\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\fs40 \cf2 Yield:  \cf0 1 Ice Cream Cake\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\ql\qnatural

\fs52 \cf0 INGREDIENTS\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0\fs48 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 carton Cold Stone Creamery ice cream (recommended: "Everybody's" flavor, with or without mix-ins)\
{\listtext	\'95	}Cake bottom of your choice*\
{\listtext	\'95	}Prepared frozen whipped topping, thawed or prepared whipped cream or softened buttercream (recommended: Cool Whip or Reddi-Wip)\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}*Cook's Note: Suggestions include: crushed cookies of any kind, chopped brownies, chopped chocolate, yellow cake, chopped rice krispies treats, chocolate chips or candy pieces (be creative).\
{\listtext	\'95	}Special equipment: 1 baking pan in any shape. Cook's Note: A springform pan is okay.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\ql\qnatural

\b\fs52 \cf0 DIRECTIONS\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa160\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs48 \cf3 Cold Stone Creamery Tastemaster(TM), Ray Karam's favorite ice cream mix-ins are brownie, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/nuts/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 nuts}}, and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/fudge/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 fudge}}! \uc0\u8232 "These three mix-ins add so much in terms of texture and flavor. They are great additions alone or together. The combination of brownie, nuts, and fudge somehow makes already amazing {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/ice-cream/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 ice cream}} even that much better." \uc0\u8232 Ice cream {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cake/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 cakes}} are a fun family activity to make at home. All you need is softened ice cream, any baking pan in any shape, and your favorite treats as the cake bottom. Temper the ice cream by allowing it to soften for 15 to 20 minutes at room temperature. Scoop the ice cream into the baking pan and fill it to 1/4-inch from the top. \uc0\u8232 Fill the last 1/4-inch of the pan with the cake bottom of your choice. Press this layer of cake bottom firmly into the ice cream. \u8232 Freeze the filled pan for a minimum of 2 hours. Remove the pan from the freezer and de-pan the ice cream cake from the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/mold/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 mold}} by inverting it onto a serving board or plate that can be frozen. \uc0\u8232 Freeze the ice cream cake again for another 1/2 hour. Remove from the freezer. \u8232 Frost with the prepared whipped topping or a soft {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/buttercream/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 buttercream}} and decorate as desired. Be creative and have fun with it! \uc0\u8232 Refreeze the cake until ready to serve. Allow the cake time to temper before cutting into cake slices.}