{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15900\viewh20880\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Ina's Chocolate Cake
\f1\fs56 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\b0\fs40 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients
\f1\b0\fs40 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural

\f2\fs44 \cf0 	\'95	
\f1\fs40 1 3/4 cup flour\

\f2\fs44 	\'95	
\f1\fs40 2       cups sugar\

\f2\fs44 	\'95	
\f1\fs40 3/4    cup dark cocoa powder\

\f2\fs44 	\'95	
\f1\fs40 1       teaspoon baking powder\

\f2\fs44 	\'95	
\f1\fs40 2       teaspoon baking soda\

\f2\fs44 	\'95	
\f1\fs40 1       cup buttermilk\

\f2\fs44 	\'95	
\f1\fs40 2       extra large eggs, slightly beaten\

\f2\fs44 	\'95	
\f1\fs40 1/2    cup vegetable oil\

\f2\fs44 	\'95	
\f1\fs40 1       teaspoon pure vanilla extract\

\f2\fs44 	\'95	
\f1\fs40 1       cup brewed coffee\
  
\f2\fs44 \'95           Chocolate Buttercream Frosting (recipe below)
\f1\fs40 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions
\f1\fs48 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\b0\fs42 \cf0 Preheat oven to 350 degrees.\
Butter and flour two 8-inch cake pans and line bottoms with parchment paper.
\b \

\b0 Sift all dry ingredients together in the bowl of an electric mixer. Mix with electric beater to combine well.\
Combine buttermilk, vegetable oil, eggs and vanilla together. With mixer on low, add to dry ingredients and mix until smooth. Add coffee and mix until combined.\
Bake for 35 to 40 minutes.\

\fs48 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Chocolate Buttercream Frosting 
\f1\fs48 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f2\fs30 \cf2 Makes:  
\b0 \cf0 about 4 cups\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\b\fs32 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f2\b0 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1       pound bittersweet chocolate\
{\listtext	\'95	}12     ounces \cf2 semisweet chocolate\cf0 \
{\listtext	\'95	}3/4    cup egg whites (4 to 5 extra-large eggs), \
		         at room temperature\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 cups granulated sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4    teaspoon cream of tartar\
{\listtext	\'95	}3/4    teaspoon kosher salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 pounds \cf2 unsalted butter\cf0 , at room temperature\
{\listtext	\'95	}3       teaspoons pure \cf2 vanilla extract\cf0 \
{\listtext	\'95	}3       teaspoons instant espresso powder, \
		         dissolved in 1 1/2 teaspoons water\
{\listtext	\'95	}3       tablespoons dark rum, optional
\fs42 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f2\b0 \cf0 Chop the chocolates and place them in a heat-proof bowl set over a pan simmering water. Stir until melted and set aside until cooled to room temperature.\
Mix the egg whites, sugar, \cf2 cream of tartar\cf0 , and salt in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with a whisk attachment. Place the bowl of egg whites over the pan of simmering water and heat the egg whites until they are warm to the touch, about 5 minutes. Return the bowl to the electric mixer and whisk on high speed for 5 minutes, or until the meringue is cool and holds a stiff peak.\
Add the butter, 1 tablespoon at a time, while beating on medium speed. Scrape down the bowl, add the melted chocolate, vanilla, \cf2 espresso\cf0 , and rum, if using, and mix for 1 minute or until the chocolate is completely blended in. If the \cf2 buttercream\cf0  seems very soft, allow it to cool, and beat it again.}