{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Lemon-Glazed Lemon Angel Food Cake\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs32 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 10 servings\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0             This recipe calls for lemon oil, which can be hard to find in some areas of the country. Try it with lemon extract but keep your eye out for lemon oil, available in specialty food stores.\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/4 cups egg whites, at room temperature (about 9 large {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/eggs/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 eggs}})\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 teaspoon salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon cream of tartar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon lemon oil\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon vanilla extract\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 cups sifted sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup cake flour, sifted three times\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 For the glaze:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 cup confectioners {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sugar/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 sugar}}, sifted\
{\listtext	\'95	}2-3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon finely grated {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/zest/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 lemon zest}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 Preheat oven to 325. Beat egg whites until {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/frothy/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 frothy}}; add salt, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cream-of-tartar/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cream of tartar}} and lemon oil and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/extracts/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 vanilla extract}}. Continue beating until they form stiff but not dry peaks. Using a rubber spatula, gradually fold in the sugar a few tablespoons at a time. Using the same rubber {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/spatula/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 spatula}}, gradually fold in the flour, one quarter at a time. Be sure that you use a true folding motion, gently turning the spatula from the bottom of the bowl to the top, folding in air with each stroke as opposed to beating or stirring. You just went to all that work the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/whip/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 whip}} up the egg whites, don?t want to beat them to death. Pour {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/batter/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 batter}} into an ungreased, 9-inch angel food {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cake-pans/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cake pan}} (you know the one with the tube in the center ? not a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/bundt-pan/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 bundt pan}}). Bake one hour or until top is golden brown and the cake pulls away from pan sides. Remove cake from oven . Cool in the pan ten minutes and then invert pan and let cake stand upside down for an hour or until cooled. You might let the cake stand over a plate in case your oven was funky and the cake plops out of the pan prematurely. Hey, it happens. While cake is cooling prepare the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/glaze/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 glaze}}. In a small bowl, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/whisk/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 whisk}} together confectioners sugar, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/lemon/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 lemon juice}} and lemon zest. Let stand ten minutes before glazing the cake as it thickens a little. Serve immediately.\
}