{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid4}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww21500\viewh21360\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs80 \cf0 Lemon Pound Cake with Lemon Pastry Cream
\fs78 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs54 \cf0 Yield:  6 servings\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\ql\qnatural

\b\fs74 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0\fs62 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}2 sticks butter plus 1 tablespoon, cubed and at room temperature\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 cups plus 1 tablespoon flour\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 cups sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}Juice of five lemons, about 1 cup\
{\listtext	\'95	}6 eggs, at room temperature\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon baking powder\
{\listtext	\'95	}Pinch of salt\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons finely grated lemon zest\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup powdered sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup water\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 recipe of Lemon Pastry Cream (recipe follows)\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 cups sweetened whipped cream\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup macerated fresh blueberries\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\ql\qnatural

\b\fs74 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs62 \cf0 Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Grease a 9 by 5 by 3 inch loaf pan with 1 tablespoon of the butter. Flour the pan with 1 tablespoon of the flour. Combine 1 cup of the sugar and lemon juice in a saucepan over medium high heat. Bring the liquid to a boil and boil until the liquid reduces by half, about 2 to 3 minutes. Remove from the heat and cool.\
In an electric mixer, fitted with a whip, cream the remaining butter and sugar. Mix until the mixture is light, fluffy and smooth. Add the eggs, one at a time, beating well after each egg. In a mixing bowl, combine the remaining 2 cups of flour, baking powder and salt. With the machine running, add 1/4 cup of the flour mixture at a time. Mix well. Fold in the lemon zest. Pour the filling into the prepared pan. Bake for about 50 minutes or until the center is firm. Remove from the oven and cool on a wire rack for 10 minutes. Remove the cake from the pan and place back on the wire rack. Using a wooden skewer, make several holes in the top of the cake, pour half of the lemon syrup over the top of the cake. Brush the sides of the cake with the remaining syrup. In a mixing bowl, whisk the powdered sugar and water together. Mix well. Pour the frosting over the top of the cake and spread evenly. (the frosting will run over the edges of the cake) Slice the cake into 1-inch slices. Place a cake slice on each serving plate. Spread the Lemon Pastry Cream (recipe below) over the slices. Garnish with fresh blueberries.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\ql\qnatural

\b\fs84 \cf0 Lemon Pastry Cream
\fs78 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs54 \cf0 Yield:  about 3 1/2 cups\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\ql\qnatural

\b\fs76 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural
\ls3\ilvl0
\b0\fs64 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}5 large egg yolks\
{\listtext	\'95	}3/4 cup cornstarch\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 cups heavy cream\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural
\ls4\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup fresh lemon juice\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 cups sugar\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\ql\qnatural

\b\fs76 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs64 \cf0 In a mixing bowl, combine the egg yolks, cornstarch, and 1 cup of the heavy cream. Whisk to blend well. Set aside. Combine the remaining 2 cups cream, lemon juice and sugar in a large heavy bottomed saucepan over medium heat. Whisk to dissolve the sugar and bring to a gentle boil, about 10 minutes. Slowly add the egg yolk mixture, whisking constantly until it thickens, about 5 minutes. Be forewarned: the mixture will break. Don't be alarmed. Pour it into a glass bowl. Press a piece of plastic wrap directly on the surface of the mixture to prevent a skin from forming. Let cool completely at room temperature. When cooled pour the mixture into the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with a wire whip. Beat a medium speed to combine the mixture. If it will not combine, warm another 1/2 cup heavy cream and slowly add it to the mixture. Whip until you have a thick and creamy custard.\

\fs102 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\fs62 \cf0 \
}