{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Lemon Cake\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs32 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 16 to 20 servings\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs36 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Cake:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 cup (2 sticks) {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/butter/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 butter}}, at room temperature\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 cups sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 eggs\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 cups sifted {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/self-rising-flour/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 self-rising flour}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/milk/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 milk}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon pure {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/extracts/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 vanilla extract}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}Lemon wedge, for {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/garnish/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 garnish}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}Mint sprig, for garnish\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Frosting:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 cups sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 teaspoon {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cream-of-tartar/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cream of tartar}} or 1 tablespoon white corn syrup\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/8 teaspoon salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/3 cup water\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 egg whites\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Filling:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls3\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}8 egg yolks\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 cups sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup (1/2 stick) butter\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/lemon/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 lemons}}, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/zest/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 zest}} grated and juiced\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/grease/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Grease}} and flour 3 (9-inch) {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cake-pans/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cake pans}}.\
To make the cake: Using an electric mixer, cream butter until fluffy. Add sugar and continue to cream well for 6 to 8 minutes. Add {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/eggs/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 eggs}} 1 at a time, beating well after each addition. Add flour and milk alternately to creamed mixture, beginning and ending with flour. Add vanilla and continue to beat until just mixed. Divide {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/batter/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 batter}} equally among prepared pans. Level batter in each pan by holding pan 3 or 4-inches above counter, then dropping flat onto counter. Do this several times to release air bubbles and assure you of a more level cake. Bake for 25 to 30 minutes or until golden brown. Cool in pans 5 to 10 minutes. Invert {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cake/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cakes}} onto cooling racks. Cool completely.\
To make the frosting: Place {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sugar/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 sugar}}, cream of tartar or {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/corn-syrup/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 corn syrup}}, salt, water, and egg whites in the top of a double boiler. Beat with a handheld electric {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/mixer/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 mixer}} for 1 minute. Place pan over boiling water, being sure that boiling water does not touch the bottom of the top pan. Beat constantly on high speed with electric mixer for 7 minutes. Beat in vanilla.\
To make the filling: Place the ingredients in the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/double-boiler/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 double boiler}} over boiling water. Don't let top pan touch the water. Cook and stir until mixture begins to gel or thicken. Remove from heat and allow to cool.\
To assemble, add 1 tablespoon of filling to the cake pedestal. Run hands along the side of the cake to remove excess crumbs. Place the cake layers on the pedestal, spreading filling between the layers and on top. Spread the sides and top of the cake with the remaining filling. Frost top and sides of cake with {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/frosting/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 frosting}}. Garnish with a lemon wedge and a sprig of {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/mint/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 mint}}\
}