{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red62\green62\blue62;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17720\viewh18360\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl520\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf2 Lemon Poppy Seed\'a0Cake
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs28 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa360\ql\qnatural

\b\fs42 \cf0 Ingredients:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl360\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}3 tablespoons milk\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 lg. eggs\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 tsp. vanilla\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 c. sifted cake flour\
{\listtext	\'95	}3/4 c. granulated sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}3/4 tsp. baking powder\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 tsp. salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}13 tbsp. butter (soft) - 3/4 cup plus 1 tablespoon\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tbsp. finely grated lemon peel\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 tbsp. poppy seeds\
\
{\listtext	\'95	}Lemon Syrup:\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 c. sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 c. lemon juice\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa360\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 Preparation:\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf0 Preheat oven to 350\'b0. Grease a loaf pan, line with parchment or waxed paper, then grease and flour the paper. (I generously greased and floured a non-stick loaf pan, and it came out fine)\
In medium bowl combine lightly milk, eggs, and vanilla. In large mixing bowl combine dry ingredients and mix on low 30 seconds to blend. Add butter and 1/2 egg mixture. Mix on low speed until moist. Increase to medium speed (high speed if using hand mixer) and beat 1 minute. Scrape down sides. Gradually add the remaining egg mixture in 2 batches, beating 20 seconds after each addition. Scrape down the sides. Butter and flour a loaf pan, then pour batter into pan and smooth top with spatula. Bake 55-65 minutes, until toothpick inserted into center comes out clean. Cover loosely with buttered foil after 30 minutes to prevent overbrowning. Heat the sugar and lemon juice in a saucepan until dissolved.\
As soon as the cake comes out of the oven, place the pan on a wire rack. Poke the cake all over with a wooden skewer or wire tester, then brush half the glaze over it. After 10 minutes, loosen the sides of the cake and invert it onto a greased wire rack. Poke the bottom of the cake all over and brush it with some of the glaze, then reinvert onto the rack and brush sides. Allow cake to cool completely. Wrap the cake in plastic wrap and serve at room temperature.\
}