{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red85\green85\blue85;\red245\green245\blue245;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13500\viewh18840\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa420\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs72 \cf2 \cb3 \ul \ulc2 Lemon Yogurt Cake I
\fs66  
\b0\fs48 \ulnone \uc0\u8232 
\fs46 Makes one 9-inch (23 cm) cake\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa420\ql\qnatural

\b\fs56 \cf2 Dry Ingredients
\b0 \
1 1/2 cup all-purpose flour\uc0\u8232 1 teaspoon baking powder\u8232 1/2 teaspoon baking soda\u8232 1/2 teaspoon salt\

\b Wet Ingredients
\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl380\sa40\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 		1 1/2 cups sugar\
		1 cup whole milk plain yogurt\
		1/2 cup vegetable oil (such as canola)\
		2 large eggs, at room temperature\
		2 tablespoons lemon juice\
		zest of 2 lemons\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl380\sa40\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b \cf2 Lemon Glaze
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa420\ql\qnatural
\cf2 1 1/2 cup powdered sugar\uc0\u8232 3 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice\
Preheat the oven to 350\'baF. Butter a 9-inch cake pan and line the bottom with parchment paper.\
Use a whisk to mix together the flour, baking powder, baking soda, and salt.\
In a large bowl, whisk together the sugar, yogurt, oil, eggs, lemon juice, and zest until smooth.\
Mix about one-third of the dry ingredients into the yogurt mixture, then stir the rest in, in two batches, just until the dry ingredients are completely incorporated. Do not overmix. Scrape the batter into the prepared cake pan and bake for 40 minutes, or until a toothpick inserted into the center of the cake comes out clean.\
Let the cake cool for about 15 minutes, then run a knife around the outside of it to loosen it from the pan, and tip the cake out of the pan. Remove the parchment paper and let the cake cool completely, right side up, on a wire rack.\
To glaze the cake, mix the powdered sugar and lemon juice until smooth. Pour it in the center of the top of the cake. Use a spoon or spatula to spread it gently right to the end, then let the glaze drip down the side. Serve the cake either warm or at room temperature, perhaps with vanilla ice cream.\
Storage: The cake can be made up to three days in advance and stored at room temperature, glazed or unglazed; do not refrigerate it. You can freeze the unglazed cake for up to two months, if well-wrapped.}