{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red61\green61\blue61;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15480\viewh20480\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri1000\sl500\sa80\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf2 Lemon Cake with Glaze\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs32 \cf2 Yield: 
\b0 2 loaves\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs46 \cf2 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl420\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs36 \cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}1/2 pound (2 sticks) unsalted butter at room temperature\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 1/2 cups granulated sugar, divided\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 extra-large eggs, at room temperature\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/3 cup grated lemon zest lightly packed (6 to 8 large lemons \
{\listtext	\'95	}3 cups all-purpose flour\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon baking powder\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon baking soda\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon kosher salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}3/4 cup freshly squeezed lemon juice\
{\listtext	\'95	}3/4 cup buttermilk, at room temperature\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract\
		\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\sa80\ql\qnatural

\b \cf2 For the glaze:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl420\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\b0 \cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}2 cups confectioners' sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 1/2 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa140\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f0\b\fs46 \cf2 Directions
\f1\b0\fs36 		\
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.  Prepare bundt pan.
\f0\b\fs46 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa180\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs36 \cf2 Cream the butter and 2 cups granulated sugar in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, beating the butter and sugar until the mixture is light and fluffy, about 5 minutes. With the mixer on medium speed add the eggs one at a time, and the lemon zest. Sift  the flour, baking powder, baking soda, and salt in a bowl. Separately, combine 1/4 cup lemon juice, the buttermilk, and vanilla. Add the flour and buttermilk mixtures alternately, beginning and ending with the flour.  Pour batter into bundt pan and bake for 45 minutes to 1 hour, until a cake tester comes out clean.\
Combine 1/2 cup granulated sugar with 1/2 cup lemon juice in a small saucepan and cook over low heat until the sugar dissolves. When the cake is done, cool for 10 minutes, invert it onto a rack set over a tray and spoon the lemon syrup over the cake. Allow the cake to cool completely.\
For the glaze, combine the confectioners' sugar and the lemon juice in a bowl, mixing with a wire whisk until smooth. Pour over the top of the cake and allow the glaze to drizzle down the sides.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\fs32 \cf2 \
\
}