{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red208\green62\blue71;\red100\green100\blue100;\red0\green12\blue242;
}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa120\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs64 \cf2 Lemon Pound Cake I\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa360\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs38 \cf3 Servings: 8 to 10\uc0\u8232 
\fs32 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa360\ql\qnatural

\b\fs50 \cf3 INGREDIENTS
\b0 \uc0\u8232 3 cups flour\u8232 \'bd teaspoon baking powder\u8232 \'bd teaspoon baking soda\u8232 \'bd teaspoon salt\u8232 1 cup (2 sticks) unsalted butter, softened\u8232 2 cups sugar \u8232 4 eggs\u8232 \'be cup buttermilk\u8232 1 teaspoon vanilla extract\u8232 \'bd teaspoon almond extract \u8232 Zest and juice of one large lemon, divided\

\b Tip:
\b0  Lemon zest adds brightness to the flavor of baked goods. When removing it from the fruit, try using a microplane grater, available at your local grocery store. The microplane only lifts the bright yellow zest, and not the white pith beneath, which can infuse your batter with a dull, bitter taste.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural

\b \cf3 INSTRUCTIONS
\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl360\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf3 {\listtext	1.	}Preheat oven to 325\'b0F. Grease a 12\'94 cake or bunt pan, then lightly coat with flour, tapping out excess.\
{\listtext	2.	}In a medium-size bowl, whisk together flour, baking powder, baking soda and salt, then set aside.\
{\listtext	3.	}In a large bowl, combine butter and sugar, beating with an electric mixer at medium speed for one minute, or until light and creamy. Add eggs one at a time to the mixture, beating well after each addition.\
{\listtext	4.	}Gradually add in portions of the dry mixture and buttermilk until the batter is well mixed. Stir in vanilla extract, almond extract, finely chopped lemon zest and 3 tablespoons lemon juice; mix just until combined.\
{\listtext	5.	}Spread the batter evenly into your prepared cake pan and bake 55 to 60 minutes, or until a toothpick inserted into the cake\'92s center comes out clean.\
{\listtext	6.	}Let cool for 10 minutes, then remove from the pan. Brush the warm cake liberally with Lemon Syrup (see instructions below).\
{\listtext	7.	}Once coated, let cool completely on a wire rack. Drizzle your cake with\
		Lemon Glaze. (recipe below)\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl360\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf4 \ul \ulc4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa120\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs64 \cf2 \ulnone Lemon Syrup and Glaze\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa360\ql\qnatural

\f1\b\fs50 \cf3 INGREDIENTS
\b0 \uc0\u8232 \'bd cup granulated sugar\u8232 \'bd cup water\u8232 Juice and peel of one large lemon (plus reserved juice and zest from cake batter)\u8232 1 cup powdered sugar\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural

\b \cf3 INSTRUCTIONS
\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl360\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf3 {\listtext	1.	}To create your Lemon Syrup, combine sugar, water, lemon juice and peel in a medium saucepan and bring to a boil.\
{\listtext	2.	}Reduce heat and simmer for 10 minutes, stirring occasionally. Remove and discard lemon peel.\
{\listtext	3.	}When your syrup is ready, place the cake and cooling rack on a rimmed baking sheet to simplify cleanup. With a large culinary brush, generously coat your warm cake with the syrup, letting it drip over the sides of the cake. Set aside 3 tablespoons syrup to prepare the Lemon Glaze.\
{\listtext	4.	}To make your glaze, combine 1 cup powdered sugar and remaining lemon syrup in a medium-size bowl, then drizzle it over the cooled cake.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa360\ql\qnatural
\cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa120\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs64 \cf2 \
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa120\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs50 \cf4 \ul \
}