{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Tahoma;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red17\green17\blue17;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12800\viewh19800\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl640\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf2 Lemon Poppyseed Cake with a Yogurt Glaze\

\fs24 \ul \ulc2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa400\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs38 \cf2 Cake\ulnone \uc0\u8232 1 1/2 cups cake flour, sifted (1 1/2 cups)\u8232 1/4 tsp baking powder\u8232 1/4 tsp salt\u8232 4 tbsp poppyseeds \u8232 1 1/2 cups (3 sticks) unsalted butter, at room temperature \u8232 1 3/4 cups caster sugar \u8232 4 large eggs, at room temperature\u8232 2 tbsp lemon zest\u8232 1 tsp vanilla extract\u8232 1/3 cup heavy cream\
\ul Lemon Syrup\ulnone \uc0\u8232 1/3 cup sugar\u8232 1/4 cup water\u8232 1/3 cup freshly squeezed lemon juice\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa400\ql\qnatural

\b \cf2 1. 
\b0 Preheat the oven to 150 degrees C and prepare a loaf tin by either lining it with non stick baking paper or by greasing it and dusting it with flour.\

\b 2. 
\b0 Sift together the flour, baking powder and salt, then stir in the poppyseeds till combined.\

\b 3.
\b0  Beat the butter with an electric beater till it is pale yellow and creamy.  Add the sugar and beat for another 3-4 minutes or till the sugar is has been completely beaten in and the mixture is again pale yellow and fluffy.\

\b 4.
\b0  Add the eggs, one at a time and make sure to beat well after each addition. If the butter begins to look curdled, it means you have not beaten the mixture for long enough so just keep beating it till it is once again smooth and fluffy. Once you\'92ve done with the eggs, add the vanilla extract and lemon zest and beat till incorporated.\

\b 5. 
\b0 Beat in the flour in three additions, alternating with the cream in two additions on a low setting till ingredients are only just incorporated (this is to prevent you from overworking the gluten in the batter and getting a tough or extremely domed cake). Scrape the batter into your prepared pans and bake for 1 hour, or till a skewer inserted comes out clean.\

\b 6. 
\b0 While the cake is baking, combine the sugar, water and lemon juice into a small saucepan and bring to a simmer. Once the sugar has completely dissolved, set it aside until the cake is out of the oven. Once the cake is out, poke holes all over with a skewer and brush half the lemon juice over the top and stand for 5 minutes. Then, turn the cake over, poke holes in its underside and brush with the remaining syrup and allow cake to cool completely.\
The cake is perfectly fine to enjoy as is, but, the yogurt glaze adds a touch of creaminess and tanginess.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa400\ql\qnatural
\cf2 \ul Yogurt Glaze
\b  \

\b0 \ulnone 1/4 cup natural or Greek yogurt\uc0\u8232 1 1/2 cups confectioners sugar \u8232 1 tsp lemon zest \
Beat the yogurt in a bowl with a fork till it is smooth and rid of lumps, then stir in the icing sugar a few tablespoons at a time, making sure that each addition is completely stirred in and that all lumps are gone.  Stir in the lemon zest and allow to sit for a few minutes before dolloping over the cake.\
}