{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12820\viewh15060\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs58 \cf0 Lemon Cake with Lemon Syrup
\f1\b0\fs42 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs40 \cf0 Serves:  8 servings\
\

\b\fs50 Ingredients
\b0\fs48 \
Butter, for greasing\
Flour, for dusting\

\b\fs50 Cake:
\b0 \
3 eggs, separated, at room temperature\
1 cup sugar, divided\
1/4 cup vegetable oil\
1/8 teaspoon salt\
2 tablespoons lemon juice\
1 tablespoon lemon zest (or 1 1/2 tsp. of lemon extract)
\fs48 \
1 cup all-purpose flour\

\b Syrup:
\b0 \
1 cup sugar\
1/4 cup water\
1/4 cup lemon juice\
1 tablespoon lemon zest (or 1 1/2 tsp. of lemon extract)\
\

\b\fs50 Directions
\b0 \
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Butter and flour an 8-inch round cake pan.\
For the cake: In a large bowl, using an electric mixer, beat the egg whites to soft peaks. Add 1/2 cup sugar and beat until the mixture holds stiff peaks.\
In a separate large bowl, beat the vegetable oil, the remaining 1/2 cup sugar and salt. Add the egg yolks 1 at a time. Add the lemon juice and lemon zest. Add the flour and mix until just combined. Set aside.\
Slowly add 1/2 of the egg white mixture into the oil mixture. Using a rubber spatula, carefully fold in the remaining egg white mixture. Spread the batter into the prepared cake pan and bake for 40 to 45 minutes until a toothpick inserted into the middle of the cake comes out clean. Transfer the cake to a cutting board and allow to cool before slicing.\
For the syrup: In a small saucepan, combine the sugar, water, lemon juice, and lemon zest over medium heat. Bring to a boil, reduce the heat, and simmer until the sugar has dissolved, about 5 minutes, stirring occasionally, Remove the pan from the heat and allow the syrup to cool, about 20 minutes.\
To serve, spoon some of the syrup onto each small plate and lay a slice of cake on top. Drizzle the cake with additional syrup. \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\
\
\
\
\
}