{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red252\green95\blue0;\red53\green67\blue0;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww21700\viewh19920\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs54 \cf2 Lemon Pound Cake 
\fs50 with Lemon Curd
\fs56 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\ql\qnatural

\fs30 \cf3 MAKES:
\b0  1 (9 x 5-inch) Cake
\b \

\fs38 INGREDIENTS
\fs24  
\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs44 \cf3 {\listtext	\'95	}1/2 pound unsalted butter, melted\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/4 cups sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tbsps lemon zest, grated\
{\listtext	\'95	}juice from 2 medium lemons\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 large eggs\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 tsps pure vanilla extract\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 cups cake flour\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tsp baking powder\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 tsp salt\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\ql\qnatural
\cf3 \uc0\u8232 Pre-heat oven to 350 degrees F. \
Grease a 9 x 5-inch loaf pan with 1 tbsp of the melted butter, then dust with 1 tbsp of cake flour tapping out the excess. \
In the bowl of a food processor, place sugar and lemon zest. Pulse 4-5 times in one second intervals. With machine off, add lemon juice, eggs and vanilla. Process approximately 5 seconds. With machine running add melted butter through the feed tube in a steady stream. This should take no more than 20-25 seconds. Do not over mix. \
Transfer the mixture to a large bowl. In a separate bowl, combine the flour, baking powder and salt. Sift the mixed flour into the egg mixture, gently whisking until just combined. Again, do not over mix. \
Pour batter into prepared loaf pan and bake 15 minutes. Reduce oven temperature to 325 degrees F and continue to bake until deep golden brown or a skewer inserted into the center of the cake comes out clean, approximately 45 minutes to 1 hour. Rotate pan halfway through baking time. \
While cake is baking, combine 1/2 cup additional sugar with 1/4 cup additional lemon juice. In a sauce pan, bring to a low simmer, whisking until sugar is totally dissolved. Set aside for later glazing of the cake. \
Remove cake from oven and cool for 10 minutes. Turn cake onto a wire rack. Using a toothpick, stick 15-20 holes in the top of the cake, then brush with the lemon glaze using a pastry brush. \
Pound cake may be wrapped tightly in plastic wrap and stored at room temperature for up to 5 days.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\ql\qnatural

\b\fs50 \cf2 Lemon Curd
\b0\fs36 \cf3  \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\ql\qnatural

\b \cf3 INGREDIENTS 
\b0\fs42 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf3 {\listtext	
\fs44 \'95	}1/2 cup lemon juice, fresh squeezed\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}6 tbsps unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch pieces\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tbsp lemon zest, grated\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 large eggs, beaten\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\ql\qnatural
\cf3 \uc0\u8232 In the top of a double boiler over simmering water, cook all of the above ingredients whisking frequently until a custard forms and bubbles appear on the surface, approximately 12-15 minutes. Remove from heat and strain through a fine, mesh sieve into a ceramic bowl. Cover with clear wrap and chill.\

\fs46 Serving suggestions: 
\fs44 Slice cake and serve with a generous tablespoon of lemon curd and blueberries.\

\fs62 \
\

\fs60 \
}