{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Mexican Molten Chocolate Cakes\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs32 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 4 servings\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs42 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs40 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup (4 tablespoons) unsalted butter, plus more for greasing\
{\listtext	\'95	}5 ounces bittersweet (non-sweetened) or semisweet chocolate, chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon mescal\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 large eggs\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 large egg yolks\
{\listtext	\'95	}5 tablespoons sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon pomegranate molasses\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 teaspoons canela or Mexican cinnamon\
{\listtext	\'95	}Large pinch salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon all-purpose flour\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup chilled whipping cream\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs42 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs40 \cf0 Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.\
Generously butter four 3/4-cup souffle dishes or custard cups. Arrange on a baking sheet.\
Stir the chocolate and butter in heavy small saucepan over low heat until smooth. Remove from the heat; stir in the mescal. Cool 10 minutes, stirring occasionally.\
Using an electric mixer, beat the eggs, yolks, 4 tablespoons sugar, molasses, 1 teaspoon canela powder and salt in medium bowl until very thick ribbons fall when beaters are lifted, about 6 minutes. Sift the flour over the batter; fold in the flour. Fold in the chocolate mixture. Divide the batter among the prepared dishes, filling completely. (Can be made 1 day ahead. Cover loosely; refrigerate. Let stand at room temperature 30 minutes before baking.)\
Bake the cakes until the tops are puffed and dry and a tester inserted into the center comes out with moist batter still attached, about 15 minutes. Cool the cakes 5 minutes.\
Beat the cream, the remaining 1 tablespoon sugar and the remaining 1/2 teaspoon canela powder in small bowl until firm peaks form. Top the cakes with the whipped cream and serve warm.\
}