{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red243\green240\blue231;\red84\green84\blue84;\red51\green51\blue51;
\red0\green101\blue159;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17340\viewh19180\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl560\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs64 \cf0 \cb2 Moelleux au Chocolat
\fs66 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa160\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs36 \cf3 Yield:  \cf0 6 servings\

\b\fs42 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\ql\qnatural

\fs46 \cf0 INGREDIENTS
\fs52 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs48 \cf0 Cakes
\b0 \
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup butter, plus more for greasing\
{\listtext	\'95	}6 ounces dark chocolate, chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}6 eggs\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}3/4 cup all-purpose flour\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\b\fs46 \cf0 Caramel
\b0\fs48 \
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup white sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup water\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 stick (1/2 cup) fresh unsalted butter\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup fresh heavy cream\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\ql\qnatural

\b\fs46 \cf0 DIRECTIONS
\fs52 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa160\ql\qnatural

\fs48 \cf4 For the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cake/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 cakes}}: 
\b0 \uc0\u8232 Butter 6 ramekins and line with a disk of parchment paper, and then butter the parchment. In a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/double-boiler/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 double boiler}}, bowl or {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/saucepan/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 saucepan}}, very gently {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/melt/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 melt}} the butter and chocolate together over a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/water-bath/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 water bath}}. In a separate mixing bowl, beat the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/eggs/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 eggs}} and sugar until thick, pale, and ribbony. Beat in the flour, and finally the chocolate mixture. Pour the mixture into the ramekins and chill. \uc0\u8232 Just before serving, preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. \u8232 Place the ramekins on a baking sheet, and bake until the top is set, 12 to 14 minutes. Remove. Let sit 5 minutes, before unmolding onto plates. Serve with caramel sauce. 
\b \uc0\u8232 For the caramel sauce: 
\b0\fs46 \uc0\u8232 Cook the sugar and water together over low heat until just dissolved. Add the butter and bring to a slow boil. Continue cooking at a low boil until the mixture turns a deep, golden brown color, almost copper. \u8232 Cook's Note: This process can take awhile depending on the heat source. Keep an eye on it, if the caramel begins to smoke, you've burned it and you'll have to start over. \u8232 Once the mixture has turned a copper color, remove it from the heat and immediately add the heavy cream - the mixture will bubble rapidly and steam - be cautious as the sugar will be very hot. \u8232 Whisk the final mixture together well over low heat.}