{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red69\green69\blue69;\red85\green85\blue85;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww18800\viewh20240\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa40\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf2 Molten Chocolate Cakes with Mocha Sauce
\b0 \

\fs32 Yield:  6 cakes
\fs16 \cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl800\ql\qnatural

\b\fs38 \cf3 INGREDIENTS 
\b0\fs44 \cf2 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl380\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 		4 ounces dark or bittersweet chocolate, (60-75% cacao), coarsely chopped\
		2 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into chunks\
		1 tablespoon granulated sugar\
		1 1/2 tablespoons light cream\
		2 teaspoons instant espresso powder dissolved in 1 tablespoon hot water, divided\
		1 tablespoon light corn syrup\
		1 large egg\
		2 tablespoons canola oil\
		1 teaspoon vanilla extract\
		1/8 teaspoon salt\
		5 tablespoons confectioners' sugar\
		3 tablespoons all-purpose flour\
		1 tablespoon unsweetened Dutch-process cocoa powder\
		1-3 teaspoons very hot water\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl800\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\b\fs38 \cf3 DIRECTIONS
\b0\fs44 \cf2 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl380\ql\qnatural
\ls3\ilvl0\cf2 		Position rack in center of oven; preheat to 350\'b0F. Generously coat the muffin pan with cooking spray.\
		Place chopped chocolate in the top of a double boiler over hot, but not boiling water. Gently stir until the chocolate is almost melted. Remove from the heat and stir until it melts completely.\
		To prepare filling: Stir together granulated sugar, cream and half the espresso mixture \
	    in a small saucepan and heat over medium-low heat until just steaming. Stir until the sugar dissolves. Add corn syrup and half the melted chocolate (reserve the other half for the batter); stir until completely smooth. Cover and transfer to the freezer until cold and firm, about 30 minutes.\
		To prepare batter: When the filling has been chilling for 20 minutes, whisk egg, oil, vanilla, salt and the remaining espresso mixture in a medium bowl until very smooth. Return the remaining chocolate mixture to the double boiler and reheat until just warm (do not overheat). In two batches, whisk the egg mixture into the warm chocolate until well blended. Sift confectioners' sugar, flour and cocoa over the batter and whisk in just until smoothly incorporated.\
		To assemble cakes: Remove the filling from the freezer. Spoon the batter into 6 muffin cups (each cup about 1/2 full. Spoon 1/2 teaspoon filling onto the center of each (reserve the rest for the sauce). Divide the remaining batter evenly among the muffin cups. Smooth out the batter to cover the filling.\
		Bake the cakes on the middle rack until the edges look dry and puffed but the centers still look very underdone, 9 to 12 minutes. Let cool on a wire rack until firm, about 2 minutes. Place a cutting board on top of the pan and invert the cakes out onto it. If the cakes are stuck to the pan, run a knife around and under them to loosen.\
		To prepare sauce: Thoroughly stir very hot water into the reserved filling, 1 teaspoon at a time, until very smooth and slightly fluid. Serve the warm cakes drizzled with the sauce. Serve the cakes with a scoop of low-fat coffee ice cream and garnish with a chocolate-covered espresso bean, if desired.\
}