{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red84\green84\blue84;\red50\green50\blue50;\red51\green51\blue51;
}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl520\sa80\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs66 \cf0 Molten Chocolate Cakes\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\fs40 \cf2 Yield:  \cf0 4 servings\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa280\ql\qnatural

\fs54 \cf3 INGREDIENTS
\fs48 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup butter, plus more to butter the molds\
{\listtext	\'95	}6 ounces dark chocolate\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 eggs, at room temperature\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1/3 cup sugar, plus more for the molds\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons flour\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\ql\qnatural

\b\fs52 \cf0 DIRECTIONS\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa160\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs48 \cf4 In a saucepan over medium heat, melt the butter and chocolate together until the chocolate mixture is smooth. Set aside. \uc0\u8232 \u8232 Meanwhile, beat together the eggs and sugar with a whisk or electric beater until pale and thick, about 5 minutes. \u8232 \u8232 Pour the melted chocolate in the egg mixture and mix well. Blend in the flour, just until combined. \u8232 \u8232 Butter and lightly sugar 4 (4-ounce) molds, custard cups or ramekins. Tap out the excess sugar. Divide the batter among the molds. At this point you can refrigerate the desserts until you are ready to eat, for up to several hours, then bring them back to room temperature before baking. \u8232 \u8232 Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. \u8232 \u8232 Bake the molten chocolate on a sheet tray for 8 to 10 minutes, the center will still be quite soft, but the sides will be set. Let rest for 5 minutes before serving with your favorite ice cream. \u8232 \u8232 Cook's Note: Instead of coating the molds with sugar, you can use crushed pistachios or other nuts.\
}