{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red84\green84\blue84;\red51\green51\blue51;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid4}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl520\sa80\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs66 \cf0 One Bowl Chocolate Cake
\b0\fs38 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural
\cf2 Yield:  \cf0 8 to 10 servings
\b \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\ql\qnatural

\fs52 \cf0 INGREDIENTS\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs48 \cf0 CAKE:
\b0 \
{\listtext	\'95	}Nonstick baking spray with flour\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 cups all-purpose flour\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 cups granulated sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup unsweetened cocoa powder\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 teaspoons baking soda\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/4 teaspoons baking powder\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon kosher salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 large eggs\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup buttermilk\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup warm water\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 stick unsalted melted butter, cooled\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls3\ilvl0
\b \cf0 FROSTING:
\b0 \
{\listtext	\'95	}1 stick unsalted butter\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 ounces semisweet chocolate, chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup unsweetened cocoa powder\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls4\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}2 teaspoons vanilla extract\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 cups confectioners' sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}2/3 cup sour cream\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\ql\qnatural

\b\fs52 \cf0 DIRECTIONS\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa160\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs48 \cf3 For the cake: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Adjust the rack to the center of the oven. Spray two 9-inch round cake pans well with nonstick spray. \uc0\u8232 \u8232 Add the flour, granulated sugar, cocoa powder, baking powder, baking soda and salt to the bowl of a standing mixer fitted with the whisk attachment. Turn on the mixer and allow the dry ingredients to blend for a full minute. Turn the mixer up and, while the mixer is running, add the eggs, one at a time, the buttermilk, warm water, melted butter and vanilla extract. Beat until combined, about 2 minutes. The batter will be thick. \u8232 \u8232 Evenly divide the batter between the prepared pans. Tap the bottom of the cake pans on the counter to release any air bubbles. Bake until a toothpick inserted into the center of the cake comes out clean, about 30 minutes. Cool in the pans for 10 minutes, and then turn out onto a wire rack to cool completely before frosting.\
For the frosting: Add the butter to a medium saucepan over medium heat. Add the chopped chocolate and stir to melt. Remove from the heat. Stir in the cocoa powder and vanilla extract. Using an electric hand mixer, beat in the confectioners' sugar. Slowly beat in the sour cream. Let cool for 20 minutes. \uc0\u8232 \u8232 Frost the cake by first spreading the frosting between the layers. Then top with cake, and continue frosting the top and the sides.\
}