{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red51\green51\blue51;\red84\green84\blue84;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid4}
{\list\listtemplateid5\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid5}
{\list\listtemplateid6\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid6}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}{\listoverride\listid5\listoverridecount0\ls5}{\listoverride\listid6\listoverridecount0\ls6}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww21420\viewh21360\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl520\sa80\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs66 \cf0 Orange Spiced Crumb Cake
\fs40 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural
\cf3 Yield:  \cf0 9 servings\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\ql\qnatural

\fs52 \cf0 INGREDIENTS\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs48 \cf0 CRUMB TOPPING:
\b0 \
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 cups pecans\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 sticks unsalted butter, melted\
{\listtext	\'95	}3/4 cup light brown muscovado sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup pure cane granulated sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 2/3 cups all-purpose flour\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon ground cardamom\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 teaspoon fine sea salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/8 teaspoon ground nutmeg\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls3\ilvl0
\b \cf0 CAKE:
\b0 \
{\listtext	\'95	}1 stick unsalted butter, melted, plus more for greasing\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 cups all-purpose flour\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/4 cups pure cane granulated sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 teaspoons baking powder\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon fine sea salt\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls4\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 cup whole milk\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup canola oil\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 teaspoons finely grated orange zest\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 large eggs\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls5\ilvl0
\b \cf0 GLAZE:
\b0 \
{\listtext	\'95	}3/4 cup confectioners' sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 teaspoons orange juice\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls6\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon finely grated orange zest\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon pure vanilla extract\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\ql\qnatural

\b\fs52 \cf0 DIRECTIONS\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa160\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs48 \cf2 For the crumb topping: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spread the pecans in an even layer onto a baking sheet and toast in the oven, stirring once, until lightly golden brown and just fragrant, about 8 minutes. Transfer to a baking rack and let cool slightly before coarsely chopping.\uc0\u8232 Melt the butter in a medium saucepan over high heat until it begins to turn light golden brown. Whisk in both of the sugars and cook until smooth. Take the pot off the heat and add the flour, cardamom, cinnamon, salt and nutmeg and mix until clumps begin to form. Refrigerate the crumb mixture for 15 minutes. \u8232 For the cake: Heavily butter a 9- by 13-inch baking pan. Whisk together the flour, sugar, baking powder and salt in a large bowl. Whisk together the melted butter, milk, canola oil, orange zest, vanilla and eggs. Add the wet ingredients into the dry ingredients and stir until just combined. Scrape the batter into the prepared baking pan, smoothing out the surface. Scatter the crumbs in large clumps over the cake; the crumb layer should be quite deep. \u8232 Bake until the crumbs are golden and firm and a tester inserted in the center of the cake comes out with a few moist crumbs, about 55 minutes. Transfer to a rack to cool. \u8232 For the glaze: Whisk together the sugar, butter, juice, zest and vanilla. \u8232 Once the cake is cool, drizzle the glaze over cake.}