{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red51\green51\blue51;\red102\green102\blue102;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15820\viewh15560\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf2 Pear And Ginger Upside-Down Cake
\b0\fs36 \
\pard\tx13000\pardeftab720\sa100\ql\qnatural

\b \cf2 Ingredients\
\pard\tx13000\pardeftab720\sl340\sa300\ql\qnatural
\cf3 Whiskey Whipped Cream
\b0 \
\pard\tx13000\pardeftab720\sl280\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf3 1 cup whipping cream, chilled\
1 teaspoon sugar, preferably raw or demerara\
1/2 teaspoon vanilla\
1 teaspoon whiskey, infused with crystallized ginger*\
\pard\tx13000\pardeftab720\sl340\sa300\ql\qnatural

\i \cf3 *I like to pour out 1/2 cup Makers Mark or Knob Hill whiskey and infuse 1 1/2 tablespoons crystallized ginger for 2 hours or overnight. 
\i0 \
\pard\tx13000\pardeftab720\sl340\sa300\ql\qnatural

\b \cf3 Caramelized Pears
\b0 \
\pard\tx13000\pardeftab720\sl280\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf3 3 medium Bosc pears, sliced in half\
1/4 cup sugar\
1/4 stick butter\
1 tablespoon crystallized ginger, finely chopped\
\pard\tx13000\pardeftab720\sl340\sa300\ql\qnatural

\b \cf3 Batter
\b0 \
\pard\tx13000\pardeftab720\sl280\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf3 1 1/2 cup all-purpose flour\
1 1/2 teaspoons baking powder\
1/2 teaspoon ground cardamom, preferably freshly ground\
1/4 teaspoon grated nutmeg, preferably freshly grated\
1 inch ginger root, peeled and grated (make sure it is very fresh)\
1/4 teaspoon salt\
6 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened\
3/4 cup sugar, preferably raw or demerara\
1 teaspoon vanilla\
1 large egg\
3/4 cup whole milk
\fs40 \cf2 \
\pard\tx13000\pardeftab720\sl380\sa340\ql\qnatural

\b\fs38 \cf2 Directions
\b0\fs40 \
Preheat oven to 375 degrees Fahrenheit.\

\i Make Whiskey Whipped Cream:
\i0 \
Beat the cream with the sugar, infused whiskey and vanilla until soft peaks form. Chill.\

\i Caramelize The Pears:
\i0 \
Peel pears, split lengthwise and core. Dip cut sides into sugar.\
Melt butter in a seasoned, heavy 10-inch cast iron skillet over low to moderate heat on the stovetop until it stops foaming. Arrange pears, symmetrically, sugar side down on the skillet until the sugar begins to caramelize to a golden color. At that point, remove the skillet from the cooktop and sprinkle with the crystallized ginger.\

\i Make The Cake:
\i0 \
Whisk the flour, baking powder, cardamom, nutmeg and salt. Beat the butter, sugar and ginger in a bowl with a mixer until light and fluffy. Add vanilla and egg and beat until well-combined. Add flour mixture and milk, alternating. Mix at low speed until just combined.\
Pour the batter over the slightly cooled caramelized pears. Reposition them if they shift. Bake in the middle of the oven for 20-25 minutes or until the top looks golden and a wooden tester comes out clean the first time.\
Cool the cake for 5-10 minutes. Loosen the cake with a thin knife around the edge of the skillet. Put a plate on the skillet and quickly invert it to tip the cake onto the plate.\
Serve the cake slightly warm or at room temperature with chilled whipped cream.}