{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red34\green34\blue34;\red211\green0\blue0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs68 \cf2 Perfect Chocolate Cake{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://oneperfectbite.blogspot.com/"}}{\fldrslt 
\i\b0\fs46 \cf3 ...from the kitchen of One Perfect Bite Courtesy of The New McCall's Cookbook}}
\b0\fs52 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural

\i \cf2 Ingredients:
\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural
\cf3 Cake\cf2 \
1 cup unsifted unsweetened cocoa\
2 cups boiling water\
2-3/4 cups sifted all purpose flour\
2 teaspoons baking soda\
1/2 teaspoon salt\
1/2 teaspoon baking powder\
1 cup butter or regular margarine, softened\
2-1/2 cups granulated sugar\
4 large eggs\
1-1/2 teaspoons vanilla extract\
\cf3 Filling\cf2 \
1 cup heavy cream, chilled\
1/4 cup unsifted confectioners' sugar\
1 teaspoon vanilla extract\
\cf3 Frosting\cf2 \
1 package (6 oz.) semisweet chocolate pieces\
1/2 cup light cream\
1 cup butter or regular margarine\
2-1/2 cups unsifted confectioner's sugar\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural

\i \cf2 Directions:
\i0 \
1) To make the cake: In medium bowl, combine cocoa with boiling water, mixing with wire whisk until smooth. Cool completely. Sift flour with soda, salt, and baking powder. Preheat oven to 350 F. Grease three 9 by 1-1/2 inch layer cake pans. Line with parchment paper. Grease paper and lightly flour pans. Set aside. In large bowl of electric mixer at high speed beat butter, sugar, eggs, and vanilla, scraping bowl occasionally, until light, about 5 minutes. At low speed, beat in flour mixture (in fourths), alternately with cocoa mixture (in thirds), beginning and ending with flour mixture. Do not overbeat. Divide evenly into pans; smooth top. Bake 25 to 30 minutes, or until surface springs back when gently pressed with fingertip. Cool in pans 10 minutes. Carefully loosen sides with spatula; remove from pans; cool on racks.\
2) To make filling: Whip cream with sugar and vanilla; refrigerate.\
3) To make frosting: In medium saucepan, combine chocolate pieces, cream, butter; stir over medium heat until smooth. Remove from heat. With whisk, blend in 2-1/2 cups confectioners; sugar. In bowl set over ice, beat until it holds shape.\
4) To assemble and frost cake: On plate, place a layer, top side down; spread with half of cream. Place second layer, top side down; spread with rest of cream. Place third layer, top side up. With spatula, frost sides first, covering whipped cream; use rest of frosting on top, swirling decoratively. Refrigerate at least 1 hour before serving. To cut, use a thin edged sharp knife; slice with a sawing motion. Yield: 10 to 12 servings.\
\
Cook's Note: The cake should be refrigerated, but to prevent the frosting from cracking when cut, let the cake sit at room temperature for about 30 minutes before slicing.\
}