{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red51\green51\blue51;\red44\green103\blue155;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs50 \cf2 Pineapple Upside Down Cake\

\itap1\trowd \taflags4 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth17320\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt220 \clpadl220 \clpadb220 \clpadr220 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs32 \cf2 Serves 8\
\

\fs46 3 tablespoons unsalted butter\
3/4 cup brown sugar\
1 pound can pineapple rings\
walnut halves\
3 eggs\
1 cup sugar\
1/2 cup juice drained from pineapple\
1 1/2 teaspoons vanilla extract\
1 1/2 cup flour\
1/2 teaspoon baking powder\
1/2 teaspoon salt\
\
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees.\'a0 Melt the butter in a small saucepan.\'a0 Butter the sides of a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.amazon.com/b?ie=UTF8&node=289683"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 springform}} pan.\'a0 Pour the melted butter into the bottom of the pan.\'a0 Sprinkle the brown sugar evenly over the melted butter.\'a0 Drain the pineapple through a strainer set over a bowl, reserve the juice.\'a0 Arrange the pineapple rings over the sugar.\'a0 Place the walnut pieces in the spaces between the pineapple.\'a0 \
In a mixing bowl, beat the eggs with a whisk until light & fluffy.\'a0 Gradually beat in the sugar.\'a0 Add the pineapple juice & vanilla extract.\
In a separate bowl, whisk the flour, baking powder & salt.\'a0 Add the flour mixture to the wet ingredients all at once & whisk until smooth.\'a0 Pour over the pineapple.\'a0 Bake for 45-50 minutes, or until a cake tester inserted into the center comes out clean.\
Invert the cake onto a serving platter & remove from the pan.\'a0 Serve with Vanilla Sauce.
\fs40 \
\
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b\fs42 \cf2 Vanilla Sauce
\b0\fs32 \
\
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\fs46 \cf2 1" piece of vanilla bean\
2 cups heavy cream\
1/4 cup sugar\
\
Slit the vanilla bean in half & scrape the seeds into a small saucepan.\'a0 Stir in the cream & bring to a boil.\'a0 Add the sugar & stir until the sugar is dissolved.\'a0 Let cool & chill well.\cell \lastrow\row
}