{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red81\green80\blue80;\red119\green119\blue119;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11600\viewh13520\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl520\sa100\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs50 \cf2 Pumpkin Poundcake with Cinnamon Glaze\

\b\fs32 INGREDIENTS 
\f1\b0 \cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\ql\qnatural

\fs42 \cf3 1 cup sugar\uc0\u8232 1 cup brown sugar\u8232 1 cup vegetable oil\u8232 3 eggs\u8232 3 cups flour\u8232 2 teaspoons baking soda\u8232 1 teaspoon cinnamon\u8232 1 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg\u8232 1/4 teaspoon ground cloves\u8232 1/2 teaspoon salt\u8232 1 (3.3 ounce) package vanilla pudding mix\u8232 1 (15-ounce) pumpkin puree\
For the glaze:\
1 cup confectioners sugar\uc0\u8232 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon\u8232 3-4 Tablespoons water\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl520\sa100\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs32 \cf2 DIRECTIONS
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\cf3 Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.\
Whisk together both sugar and vegetable oil.\'a0 Whisk in the eggs one at a time.  In another bowl, whisk together flour, baking soda, cinnamon, nutmeg, cloves, salt and pudding mix.\'a0 Set aside.  Whisk in the pumpkin, alternating with the flour mixture in three additions.\
Pour the batter into a greased Bundt pan.\'a0 Bake for 60 to 65 minutes, or until a toothpick comes out clean.\'a0 Cool for 10 minutes and then turn out onto cooling rack to cool completely.\
When the cake has cooled, whisk together the powdered sugar, cinnamon, and water.\'a0 Start slowly with the water, if it too thick, add a few dropfuls until the glaze is the right consistency.\'a0 Drizzle over the cake.\
\
\
\
\
}