{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red61\green59\blue59;\red51\green51\blue51;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12800\viewh9680\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa200\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs58 \cf2 Racines Cake
\fs78 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa200\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs38 \cf3 makes one 9-inch cake\

\fs48 \
Cocoa powder, for preparing the pan \uc0\u8232 \u8232 10 ounces bittersweet or semisweet chocolate, chopped \u8232 \u8232 1/2 cup salted butter, cut into pieces\
1 tablespoon freshly brewed espresso \uc0\u8232 \u8232 1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract \u8232 \u8232 6 large eggs, separated, at room temperature \u8232 \u8232 1/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons granulated sugar\
2 tablespoons cocoa nibs (optional) \uc0\u8232 \u8232 Confectioners sugar, for dusting the cake (optional) \u8232 \u8232 Preheat the oven to 350\'b0F. Butter the bottom and sides of a 9-inch springform pan, dust it with a bit of cocoa powder, and tap out any excess. \u8232 \u8232 In a large heatproof bowl, combine the chocolate, butter, and espresso. Set the bowl over a pan of simmering water and stir occasionally until the mixture is melted and smooth. Remove the bowl from the heat and stir in the vanilla. \u8232 \u8232 In a stand mixer fitted with the whip attachment, whisk together the egg yolks and the 1/4 cup (50 g) granulated sugar on medium-high speed until the mixture is light and creamy, about 1 minute. \u8232 \u8232 In a clean, dry bowl and with a clean whip attachment, whisk the egg whites on low speed until they begin to hold their shape. Add the remaining 2 tablespoons (30 g) granulated sugar and whisk on high speed until the whites hold soft peaks. \u8232 \u8232 Fold the beaten egg yolks into the melted chocolate mixture, then fold in half of the whipped egg whites. Fold in the remaining whites, mixing just untiI there are no visible streaks of egg whites. Don't overfold. \u8232 \u8232 Scrape the batter into the prepared pan, sprinkle with cocoa nibs, if using, and bake until the cake feels as though it's just barely set in the center, about 25 minutes (Jennie's note: my cake only took 21 minutes\'97I always start checking a few minutes before directed finish time). It shouldn't feel too firm. Let cool completely. \u8232 \u8232 Run a knife around the sides of the cake to help loosen it from the pan. Release the sides of the pan and dust the cake with powdered sugar, if using.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa200\qc
\cf3 \
}