{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs54 \cf0 Rum Caramel Cake\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs34 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 12 servings\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs38 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 For the cake:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs46 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 (18.25-ounce) box yellow cake mix (recommended: Betty Crocker)\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup dark rum\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup water\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 eggs\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/3 cup {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/vegetable-oils/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 vegetable oil}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 For the icing:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs46 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 cup (2 sticks) {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/butter/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 unsalted butter}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 cups dark brown sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup milk\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 cups powdered sugar, sifted\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon rum extract\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 For the cake:\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs46 \cf0 Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Spray 3 (8-inch) round {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cake-pans/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cake pans}} with nonstick butter-flavored baking spray; set aside.\
In a large bowl, beat cake mix, rum, water, eggs, and oil on low speed with an electric mixer for 30 seconds. Scrape down sides of bowl and beat for 2 more minutes on medium speed.\
Divide {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/batter/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 batter}} evenly between prepared cake pans. Bake in preheated oven for 20 to 25 minutes, or until tester comes away clean. Cool completely before icing.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 For the icing:\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs46 \cf0 In a medium {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/saucepan/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 saucepan}} over medium-low heat, melt butter with {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sugar/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 brown sugar}} and rum {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/extracts/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 extract}}. Bring to a boil, stirring constantly. Add milk and bring to a hard boil. Stirring constantly, until sugar is completely dissolved; about 2 minutes.\
Let cool to room temperature and transfer to a medium bowl. Use an electric {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/mixer/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 mixer}} on medium speed to beat in {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/powdered-sugar/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 powdered sugar}} until smooth. If too thick, add a little milk. If too thin, add a little powdered sugar.\
Using an offset {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/spatula/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 spatula}}, evenly spread {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/icing/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 icing}} on top of each cake round. Stack and ice the top of the cake. You may have {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/frosting/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 frosting}} leftover.\
}