{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Rum Pineapple Upside-Down Cake
\f1\b0\fs32 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\b \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 10 slices\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs36 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 (12-ounce) package frozen pitted cherries, thawed\
{\listtext	\'95	}3/4 cup spiced {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/rum/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 rum}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 pineapple, peeled, cored, quartered and cut into 1/4-inch thick pieces\
{\listtext	\'95	}3/4 cup rum\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 sticks {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/butter/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 butter}}, room temperature\
{\listtext	\'95	}3/4 cup sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}5 eggs\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 teaspoons vanilla extract\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 cups {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/flour/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 all-purpose flour}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}3/4 teaspoon baking powder\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon dark brown sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 pint creme fraiche\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/lime/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 lime}}, zested\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/orange/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 orange}}, zested\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 In a medium bowl, add the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cherry/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cherries}} and the spiced rum. In another bowl add the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/pineapple/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 pineapple}} and the 3/4 cup of rum. Cover and refrigerate for 8 hours or overnight.\
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.\
In a large bowl, add 1 3/4 sticks butter and the sugar and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cream/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cream}} together until pale yellow, about 2 minutes. Stir in the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/eggs/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 eggs}} 1 at a time. Add the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/extracts/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 vanilla extract}} and set aside.\
In a separate bowl, combine the flour, salt, and baking powder. Add the dry ingredients into the wet ingredients and stir until a smooth batter forms.\
In a 10-inch cast iron skillet, over medium heat, add the remaining 1/4 stick butter and heat until the butter has just melted. Add the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sugar/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 brown sugar}} and using a slotted spoon, add the pineapple pieces, reserving the rum. Saute until they begin to {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/caramelize/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 caramelize}}, about 4 minutes. Add the cherries and the rum they soaked in. Remove the skillet from the heat and light the rum with a long kitchen match. When the flames subside, return the pan to the heat and cook until most of the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/alcohol/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 alcohol}} has evaporated. Remove the skillet from the heat and set aside to cool 6 to 10 minutes before adding the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/batter/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 batter}}. Remove half the fruit back into the reserved rum for garnishing later.\
Add the batter to the skillet and put in the oven. Bake for 30 to 45 minutes or until a toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean. Remove from the oven and set aside to cool for about 5 minutes before unmolding. To {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/unmold/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 unmold}}, run a small knife around the edge of the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cake/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cake}}, take a large serving plate and put it over the cast iron skillet. Carefully flip over and let sit for a couple of minutes until it releases from the skillet.\
Put the creme fraiche in a small bowl and stir in the zests. Cut the cake into wedges and serve with a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/dollop/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 dollop}} of creme fraiche and the reserved fruit.\
}