{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Rum Cake \

\f1\fs32 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 8 servings\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs36 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural

\fs38 \cf0 Cake:
\fs44 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0   \'95	4 whole {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/eggs/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 eggs}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup water\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/canola-oil/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 canola oil}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup gold rum, Bacardi\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 (18.25-ounce) box classic yellow cake mix (recommended: Duncan Hines Moist Deluxe)\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 (1-ounce) small box sugar-free instant {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/vanilla/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 vanilla}} pudding mix \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs38 \cf0 Glaze:
\fs44 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 cup {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sugar/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 granulated sugar}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup water\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 stick {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/butter/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 butter}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup gold rum (recommended: Bacardi)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 For {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cake/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Cake}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/grease/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Grease}} a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/bundt-pan/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Bundt pan}}. Beat eggs, oil, water and rum in {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/mixer/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 mixer}} just until incorporated. Add {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/pudding/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 pudding}} mix and cake mix and beat on med. about 3 to 5 minutes just until you get a smooth texture. Pour into pan and bake at 350 degrees F for 40 to 45 minutes. The cake should have a light golden brown color, but will darken with the glaze.\
NOTE**The glaze needs to be prepared approximately 10 minutes before cake is ready.\
For Glaze\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/melt/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Melt}} butter in {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/saucepan/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 saucepan}} and add the sugar and water, bring to a boil. Once it starts to boil, take off the heat and add the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/rum/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 rum}}. Should make approx. Pour into a large measuring cup that will hold that amount or more. Set Aside\
Once cake is ready, take out of oven and leave in pan. Gently prick holes into the cake with a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/skewer/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 skewer}}. Slowly pour half of the glaze over the cake making sure to fill in all the holes. Once the cake has soaked up the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/glaze/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 glaze}}, turn cake over, removing pan, onto the base that the cake will stay on. Gently prick more holes on other side and slowly pour other half of glaze over cake. Let cool. The cake is best if left at room temperature.\
}