{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red84\green84\blue84;\red51\green51\blue51;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl520\sa80\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs66 \cf0 Sour Cream Coffee Cake I\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\fs40 \cf2 Yield:  \cf0 12 servings\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\ql\qnatural

\fs52 \cf0 INGREDIENTS\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0\fs48 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}Batter:\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 cups all-purpose flour\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon baking powder\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon baking soda\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 teaspoon salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 stick butter\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/4 cup sugar\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}2 eggs\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup sour cream\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon vanilla extract\
{\listtext	\'95	}8 ounces semisweet chocolate, coarsely cut\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup chopped walnuts\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 teaspoons ground cinnamon\cf3 \uc0\u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\ql\qnatural

\b\fs52 \cf0 DIRECTIONS\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa160\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs48 \cf3 Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Grease a 1 1/2-quart Bundt or tube pan. \uc0\u8232 Sift the flour, baking powder, baking soda and salt into a bowl. Cream the butter in a separate bowl. Add 1 cup of sugar to the butter and gradually beat until the mixture is blended, 2 to 3 minutes. \u8232 Add the eggs to the creamed butter mixture one at a time, beating well in between additions. Beat in the dry ingredients and sour cream alternately, beginning and ending in flour. Add the vanilla. \u8232 In a separate bowl, combine the chocolate, walnuts, the remaining 1/4 cup sugar and cinnamon. \u8232 Sprinkle a third of the chocolate and nut mixture over the greased pan. Pour in half of the cake batter. Sprinkle more of the chocolate and nut mixture over the batter, reserving some for the top. Pour the remaining batter into the pan. Smooth it out evenly and top with the remainder of the chocolate and nut mixture. \u8232 Bake for 45 minutes. Cool. Remove from the pan to a rack.}