{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww18140\viewh17740\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs82 \cf0 Strawberry Shortcake
\fs70 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs46 \cf0 Yield:  10 servings\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\ql\qnatural

\b\fs70 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0\fs58 \cf0 Buttermilk Biscuits\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 cups flour\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 teaspoons baking powder\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon baking soda\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/3 cup sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 teaspoons salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}3/4 cup (1 1/2 sticks) cold unsalted butter, cut into small pieces or grated\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup buttermilk\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons heavy cream\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup turbinado sugar\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 Strawberry Filling\
{\listtext	\'95	}8 cups strawberries (about 2 pounds), rinsed, stemmed, and sliced\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice\
Whipped Cream\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 cups heavy whipping cream\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon vanilla extract\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\ql\qnatural

\b\fs70 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\ql\qnatural

\fs58 \cf0 For the biscuits: 
\f1\b0 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper. 
\f1\b \uc0\u8232 
\b0 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 Whisk the flour, baking powder, baking soda, sugar, and salt in a large mixing bowl. 
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 Using a food processor, pastry cutter, or your fingertips incorporate the chilled butter pieces into the dry ingredients until the mixture resembles coarse meal. 
\f1\b \uc0\u8232 
\b0 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 Add the buttermilk and stir just until moistened. On the prepared baking sheet, drop 1/3 cup dough for each biscuit, spacing the mounds about 2-inches apart. Brush with heavy cream, and sprinkle with sugar. 
\f1\b \uc0\u8232 
\b0 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 Bake until the biscuits are golden brown on top, about 15 to 20 minutes, or until a tester comes out clean.\
Place the sliced strawberries in a large bowl. Add the lemon juice, and sugar and gently toss. Let the berries macerate for 30 minutes until the juices develop. 
\f1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 
\f0\b For the whipped cream: 
\f1\b0 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 Just before serving, whip the heavy cream using an electric mixer with the sugar, and vanilla extract until it holds soft peaks. 
\f1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 
\f0\b To serve the biscuits: 
\f1\b0 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 Slice the biscuits in half horizontally. Place the bottoms of the biscuits on plates, and divide the prepared berries and a spoonful of whipped cream evenly among the biscuits. Cover with the top portion of the biscuit and serve alongside additional berries and juices.\
}