{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red61\green61\blue61;\red6\green124\blue174;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14260\viewh20080\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri1000\sl500\sa80\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf2 Strawberry Shortcakes
\fs42 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs22 \cf2 Yield: 
\b0 8 servings
\b\fs26 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\sa80\ql\qnatural
\cf2 \

\fs38 Shortcakes:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl420\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0 \cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 tablespoons sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 teaspoons baking powder\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 tablespoons cold (salted) butter, cut into small pieces\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup plus 1 tablespoon low-fat buttermilk\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 large egg, slightly beaten\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon grated lemon {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/zest/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 zest}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon sliced almonds\
{\listtext	\'95	}\
{\listtext	\'95	}Filling\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 cups strawberries, hulled and sliced\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 to 3 tablespoons sugar (depending on the ripeness of the berries)\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 teaspoons grated {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/orange/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 orange}} zest\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon orange juice\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons 0 percent or 2 percent fat Greek {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/yogurt/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 Yogurt}} per serving, for {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/garnish/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 garnish}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}Confectioners' sugar for dusting (optional)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf2 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa180\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs38 \cf2 Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Spray a large baking sheet with {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cooking-spray/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 cooking spray}}.\
\
Shortcakes: Combine the flour, sugar, baking powder, and salt in a large bowl. Add the butter and work it into the flour mixture with your fingers until it resembles coarse meal.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa180\ql\qnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/whisk/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 Whisk}} together 1/2 cup buttermilk, the egg, and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/lemon/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 lemon}} zest in a small bowl. Add to the flour mixture and lightly mix with your hands just until the dough just comes together. Do not over mix. Turn the dough out onto a lightly floured work surface. With lightly floured hands, gently pat the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/dough/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 dough}} into a 7-inch round about 1/2-inch thick. Cut into 8 equal sized wedges. Space the shortcakes evenly on the prepared baking sheet. Brush the tops with the remaining 1 tablespoon buttermilk and sprinkle with the almonds. Bake until golden brown, about 12 to 15 minutes.\
Filling: Combine the strawberries, sugar, zest, and juice in a large bowl. Let stand until the sugar is dissolved and the mixture is syrupy, about 15 minutes.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa180\ql\qnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/split/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 Split}} the shortcakes. Place the bottom halves of the shortcakes on plates and top evenly with the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/strawberry/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 strawberry}} mixture and the yogurt. Cover with tops of the shortcakes. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/dust/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 Dust}} with confectioners' sugar, if using.}