{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Strawberry Shortcut Cake\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs32 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 10 to 12 servings\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs36 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 (18.25-ounce) box strawberry cake mix\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 cups fresh strawberries, sliced\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons cognac\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cream/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 heavy cream}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup confectioners' sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/extracts/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 vanilla extract}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 (3-ounce) package {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/strawberry/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 strawberry}} flavored gelatin (recommended: Jell-O)\
{\listtext	\'95	}Fresh strawberries, for {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/garnish/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 garnish}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.\
Follow cake directions as written on cake mix box.\
Remove from oven and cool cake completely. Meanwhile, in a medium bowl, combine {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/strawberry/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 strawberries}}, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cognac/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cognac}} and sugar. Let {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/macerate/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 macerate}} 20 minutes. Invert and release cake onto a decorative platter.\
Whip cream with confectioners' sugar and vanilla at medium-high speed until it reaches stiff peaks. Do not over whip.\
Mix gelatin as directed on box. Refrigerate {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/gelatin/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 gelatin}} mix but do not let it harden, it should cool to a liquid consistency.\
Using a straw, poke holes all over the cake. Pour gelatin into holes and spread over the top of the cake.\
Spread layer of macerated strawberries on top of cake. Spread layer of {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cream/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 whipped cream}} on top of the strawberries, making pretty swirls and ripples. Garnish with fresh strawberries. Refrigerate for at least 4 hours.\
}