{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red51\green51\blue51;\red50\green50\blue50;\red48\green109\blue182;
\red0\green101\blue159;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid4}
{\list\listtemplateid5\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid5}
{\list\listtemplateid6\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid6}
{\list\listtemplateid7\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid7}
{\list\listtemplateid8\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid8}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}{\listoverride\listid5\listoverridecount0\ls5}{\listoverride\listid6\listoverridecount0\ls6}{\listoverride\listid7\listoverridecount0\ls7}{\listoverride\listid8\listoverridecount0\ls8}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16800\viewh16680\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl520\sa80\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs66 \cf0 Sweet and Salty Cake\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\ql\qnatural

\fs40 \cf2 YIELD:  
\b0\fs36 One 8-inch, 3 layer cake\

\b\fs66 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa280\ql\qnatural

\fs54 \cf3 INGREDIENTS
\b0\fs48 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\ql\qnatural

\b\fs38 \cf2 FOR THE CLASSIC CHOCOLATE CAKE LAYERS:
\b0\fs48 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa260\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b \cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}3/4 
\b0 cup dark unsweetened cocoa powder\
\ls1\ilvl0
\b {\listtext	\'95	}1 1/4 
\b0 cups hot water\
\ls1\ilvl0
\b {\listtext	\'95	}2/3 
\b0 cup {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sour-cream/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 sour cream}}\
\ls1\ilvl0
\b {\listtext	\'95	}2 2/3 
\b0 cups {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/flour/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 all-purpose flour}}\
\ls1\ilvl0
\b {\listtext	\'95	}2 
\b0 teaspoons baking powder\
\ls1\ilvl0
\b {\listtext	\'95	}1 
\b0 teaspoon baking soda\
\ls1\ilvl0
\b {\listtext	\'95	}1/2 
\b0 teaspoon salt\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa260\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\b \cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}3/4 
\b0 cup (1 1/2 sticks) unsalted butter,softened\
\ls2\ilvl0
\b {\listtext	\'95	}1/2 
\b0 cup {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/vegetable-shortening/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 vegetable shortening}}\
\ls2\ilvl0
\b {\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 
\b0 cups {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sugar/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 granulated sugar}}\
\ls2\ilvl0
\b {\listtext	\'95	}1 
\b0 cup firmly packed dark {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sugar/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 brown sugar}}\
\ls2\ilvl0
\b {\listtext	\'95	}3 
\b0 large eggs, at room temperature\
\ls2\ilvl0
\b {\listtext	\'95	}1 
\b0 tablespoon pure {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/extracts/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 vanilla extract}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\ql\qnatural

\b\fs38 \cf2 FOR THE SALTED CARAMEL:
\b0\fs48 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa260\ql\qnatural
\ls3\ilvl0
\b \cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}1/2 
\b0 cup {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cream/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 heavy cream}}\
\ls3\ilvl0
\b {\listtext	\'95	}1 
\b0 teaspoon fleur de sel\
\ls3\ilvl0
\b {\listtext	\'95	}1 
\b0 cup sugar\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa260\ql\qnatural
\ls4\ilvl0
\b \cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}2 
\b0 tablespoons light {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/corn-syrup/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 corn syrup}}\
\ls4\ilvl0
\b {\listtext	\'95	}1/4 
\b0 cup sour cream\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa260\ql\qnatural
\ls5\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}For the Whipped Caramel {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/ganache/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 Ganache}} Frosting:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa260\ql\qnatural
\ls5\ilvl0
\b \cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}1 
\b0 pound {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/chocolate/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 dark chocolate}} (60 to 70% {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cacao/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 cacao}}), chopped\
\ls5\ilvl0
\b {\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 
\b0 cups heavy cream\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa260\ql\qnatural
\ls6\ilvl0
\b \cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}1 
\b0 cup sugar\
\ls6\ilvl0
\b {\listtext	\'95	}2 
\b0 tablespoons light corn syrup\
\ls6\ilvl0
\b {\listtext	\'95	}2 
\b0 cups (4 sticks) {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/butter/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 unsalted butter}}, soft but cool, cut into 1/2-inch pieces\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\ql\qnatural

\b\fs38 \cf2 TO ASSEMBLE THE CAKE:
\b0\fs48 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa260\ql\qnatural
\ls7\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}One recipe Classic Chocolate Cake\
{\listtext	\'95	}One recipe Salted Caramel\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa260\ql\qnatural
\ls8\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}One recipe Whipped Caramel Ganache Frosting\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa260\ql\qnatural
\ls8\ilvl0
\b \cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}2 
\b0 teaspoons fleur de sel*, plus more for {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/garnish/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 garnish}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa280\ql\qnatural

\b\fs54 \cf2 DIRECTIONS\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\ql\qnatural

\fs48 \cf2 Make the classic chocolate cake layers:
\b0 \
Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Butter three 8-inch round {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cake-pans/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 cake pans}}, line the bottoms with parchment paper, and butter the parchment. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/dust/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 Dust}} with flour, and knock out the excess flour.\
In a medium bowl, combine the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cocoa-powder/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 cocoa powder}}, hot water, and sour cream and set aside to cool.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\ql\qnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sift/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 Sift}} the flour, baking powder, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/baking-soda/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 baking soda}}, and salt together into a medium bowl and set aside.\
In the bowl of an electric {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/mixer/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 mixer}} fitted with the paddle attachment, beat the butter and shortening on medium speed until ribbonlike, about 5 minutes. Add the sugars and beat until light and fluffy, about 5 minutes. Add the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/eggs/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 eggs}}, one at a time, beating well after each addition, then add the vanilla and beat until incorporated. Scrape down the bowl and mix again for 30 seconds.\
Add the flour mixture, alternating with the cocoa mixture, in three additions, beginning and ending with the flour mixture.\
Divide the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/batter/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 batter}} among the prepared pans and smooth the tops. Bake for 35 to 40 minutes, rotating the pans halfway through the baking time, until a toothpick inserted in the center of each cake comes out clean. Transfer the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cake/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 cakes}} to a wire rack and let cool for 20 minutes. Invert the cakes onto the rack, remove the pans, and let cool completely. Remove the parchment.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\ql\qnatural

\b \cf2 Make the salted caramel:
\b0 \
In a small saucepan, combine the cream and fleur de sel. Bring to a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/simmer/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 simmer}} over very low heat until the salt is dissolved.\
Meanwhile, keeping a close eye on the cream mixture so it doesn't burn, in a medium saucepan combine 1/4 cup water, the sugar, and corn syrup, stirring them together carefully so you don't splash the sides of the pan. Cook over high heat until an instant-read thermometer reads 350 degrees F., 6 to 8 minutes. Remove from the heat and let cool for 1 minute.\
Add the cream mixture to the sugar mixture. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/whisk/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 Whisk}} in the sour cream. Let the caramel cool to room temperature, then transfer to an airtight container and refrigerate until you are ready to assemble the cake.\

\b Make the whipped caramel ganache frosting:
\b0 \
Put the chocolate in a large heatproof bowl and set aside.\
In a small {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/saucepan/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 saucepan}}, bring the cream to a simmer over very low heat.\
Meanwhile, keeping a close eye on the cream so it doesn't burn, in a medium saucepan combine 1/4 cup water, the sugar, and corn syrup, stirring them together carefully so you don't splash the sides of the pan. Cook over high heat until an instant-read thermometer reads 350 degrees F., 6 to 8 minutes. Remove from the heat and let the caramel cool for 1 minute.\
Add the cream to the caramel and stir to combine. Stir slowly for 2 minutes, then pour the caramel over the chocolate. Let the caramel and chocolate sit for 1 minute, then, starting in the center of the bowl, and working your way out to the edges, slowly stir the chocolate and caramel mixture in a circle until the chocolate is completely melted. Let the mixture cool, then transfer it to the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment.\
Mix on low speed until the bowl feels cool to the touch. Increase the speed to medium-high and gradually add the butter, beating until thoroughly incorporated. Scrape down the bowl and beat on high speed until the mixture is fluffy.\

\b Assemble the cake:
\b0 \
Place one cake layer on a serving platter. Spread 1/4 cup of the caramel over the top. Let the caramel soak into the cake, then spread 3/4 cup of the ganache frosting over the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/caramel/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 caramel}}. Sprinkle 1 teaspoon of the fleur de sel over the frosting, then top with the second cake layer. Spread with caramel frosting and sprinkle with 1 teaspoon of the fleur de sel. Then top with the third layer. Spread with caramel. Crumb coat the cake and put the cake in the refrigerator for 15 minutes to firm up the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/frosting/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 frosting}}. Frost the sides and top with the remaining frosting. Garnish with a sprinkle of fleur de sel.\
This cake will keep beautifully in a cake saver at room temperature (cool and humidity free) for up to 3 days. If your room is not cool, place the cake in a cake saver and refrigerate for up to 3 days. Remove the cake from the refrigerator and let it sit at room temperature for at least 2 hours before serving.\
\
}