{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red85\green85\blue85;\red245\green245\blue245;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17960\viewh18300\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa420\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs64 \cf2 \cb3 \ul \ulc2 Warm Individual Spiced Chocolate Cakes
\b0\fs50 \ulnone \

\fs42 Makes six cakes\

\fs52 The great thing about these hyper-chocolate cakes is they can be made in advance, left at room temperature for an hour or two, then cooked at the last minute. You can also refrigerate them and let them come to room temperature before baking them off. \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl380\sa40\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 		10 ounces (285 g) 
\b Xocopili
\b0 , or bittersweet chocolate, chopped\
		4 tablespoons (60 g) salted butter\
		4 tablespoons (50 g) sugar, divided\
		4 large eggs, separated, at room temperature\
		1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract\
		1 teaspoon brandy or rum\
		1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon\
		1/4 teaspoon chili powder\
		big pinch of ground cloves\
		a few turns freshly ground black pepper\
\ls1\ilvl0		\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa420\ql\qnatural
\cf2 1. Preheat the oven to 400F (200C).\
2. Butter six heatproof coffee or custard cups. Dust the insides with sugar and tap out any excess.\
3. In a medium-sized bowl, melt the chocolate and butter over a pan of simmering water, stirring until smooth. Remove from heat and stir in half of the sugar, then the yolks. Then mix in the vanilla, brandy, and spices.\
4. In a clean, dry bowl, whip the egg whites until fairly stiff. Beat in the sugar, and whisk until the whites form soft, droopy peaks.\
5. Fold one-third of the egg whites into the chocolate mixture, then fold in the remainder, just until incorporated. Don\'92t overfold.\
6. Divide the batter into the prepared cups.\
7. Bake the cakes for 10 to 12 minutes, just until the tops feel firm. Once done, remove the cakes from oven and cool for a minute before serving.\
}