{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red164\green194\blue114;\red47\green43\blue34;\red45\green57\blue24;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15560\viewh12660\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa400\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs58 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd8\expndtw40
Apple Cider Pulled Pork Sandwiches\
\pard\pardeftab720\li40\ri760\sl360\sa120\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs42 \cf3 \kerning1\expnd4\expndtw20
2 cups apple cider (or juice)\uc0\u8232 1/2 cup ketchup\u8232 1/2 cup brown sugar\u8232 1 1/2 tsp. cumin\u8232 1 1/2 tsp. paprika\u8232 1 1/2 tsp. garlic powder\u8232 1 tsp. kosher salt\u8232 1 tsp. cayenne pepper\u8232 1/2 tsp. ground black pepper\u8232 optional: 4 tbsp. of your favorite barbecue sauce\u8232 1 medium onion, divided into eighths\u8232 2-3 lbs. pork shoulder, all ties removed (I used a pork shoulder butt roast)\u8232 4-6 sandwich buns \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa380\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs48 \cf4 \kerning1\expnd8\expndtw40
Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\li40\ri760\sl360\sa120\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs42 \cf3 \kerning1\expnd4\expndtw20
Heat the oven to 350 degrees.\
In a large bowl, combine the apple cider, ketchup, brown sugar, optional barbecue sauce and spices and set aside.\
Place 1/2 of the sliced onions into the bottom of a 4-6-quart dutch oven. Place the pork shoulder on top the onions. Top the pork shoulder with the remaining onions and then pour sauce over everything. The pork shoulder need not be completely submerged to reach perfect pulled perfection, but you can add a little more apple cider if you\'92d like at this point.\
Cover and place in the oven for 2 1/2 to 3 hours, depending on the size of your pork shoulder. Begin checking for doneness after about 2 hours. When done, the pork will easily pull apart from itself with a fork. Remove the meat and place onto a flat surface.\
Place the dutch oven on the stove (or move contents to a large pan) and heat to boiling to thicken. While the sauce boils, pull the pork into shreds using two forks. Take care to remove the pieces of fat. Return the shredded pork to the sauce and cook for an additional 15 minutes.\
Serve pulled pork piled high on a sandwich bun or just by itself. Top with some coleslaw if you\'92d like. It\'92s really yummy!\
\'a0\
Enjoy!\
}