{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww18380\viewh20160\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl500\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Beef and Horseradish Sauce Sandwich
\f1\b0\fs32 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260\ql\qnatural

\b \cf2 Serves: 
\b0 \cf0 4 servings\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs42 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 For the beef:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl420\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs40 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}2 to 3 pounds fillet of beef, trimmed and tied\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon unsalted butter, at room temperature\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon Dijon mustard\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 teaspoons kosher salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 teaspoons coarsely ground black pepper\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs42 \cf0 For the sandwich:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl420\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs40 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 loaf health or 7-grain bread\
{\listtext	\'95	}Mustard Horseradish Sauce, recipe follows\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 bunch arugula\
{\listtext	\'95	}Kosher salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}Freshly ground black pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}Unsalted butter at room temperature\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs42 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs40 \cf0 Preheat the oven to 500 degrees F.\
Place the beef on a baking sheet and pat the outside dry with a paper towel. Mix the unsalted butter and mustard together in a small bowl and spread the mixture over the beef with your hands. Sprinkle evenly with the salt and pepper. Roast in the oven for exactly 22 minutes for rare and 25 minutes for medium-rare.\
Remove the beef from the oven, cover it tightly with aluminum foil, and allow it to rest at room temperature for 20 minutes. Remove the strings and slice the fillet thickly.\
To make the sandwiches, cut the bread into 1/4-inch thick slices. Spread 4 of the slices thickly with the Mustard Horseradish Sauce. Top with slices of beef and arugula and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Spread 4 more slices of bread very lightly with butter and place, butter side down, on top of the beef.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs42 \cf0 Mustard Horseradish Sauce:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl420\ql\qnatural
\ls3\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs40 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}3/4 cup good mayonnaise\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 tablespoons Dijon mustard\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon whole-grain mustard\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 tablespoon prepared horseradish\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons sour cream\
{\listtext	\'95	}Kosher salt\
Whisk together the mayonnaise, mustards, horseradish, sour cream, and a pinch of\
salt in a small bowl. Serve at room temperature.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Yield: 1 cup\
}