{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Falafel Sandwich
\f1\b0\fs32 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\b \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 4 servings\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs36 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}2 cups dried chick peas, soaked in water overnight\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons freshly chopped cilantro leaves\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons freshly chopped parsley leaves\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 small onion, roughly chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon ground cumin\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 teaspoon {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cayenne-pepper/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cayenne pepper}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon minced garlic\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 lemon, juiced\
{\listtext	\'95	}Pinch salt and freshly ground black pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}Chick pea flour, if needed\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 tablespoons grapeseed oil, for searing\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 Mediterranean flatbreads, no pockets\
{\listtext	\'95	}Arugula, for garnish\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/tomato/index.html"}}{\fldrslt Cherry tomatoes}}\cf0 , halved, for garnish\
{\listtext	\'95	}Red onion, sliced thin, for garnish\
{\listtext	\'95	}Smokey Tahini Sauce, for garnish, recipe follows\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 Heat a grill pan until hot.\
Drain the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/chickpea/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 chick peas}}. Place in {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/food-processor/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 food processor}} along with cilantro, parsley, onion, cumin, cayenne, garlic, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/lemon/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 lemon juice}}, and salt and pepper. Pulse until well blended. Consistency should be in the form of a paste. Place mixture in a bowl and form into 2-inch patties.\
*Cook's Note: If dry add 1 tablespoon water. If too wet, add chick pea flour.\
In a large skillet over medium-high heat, add {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/grapeseed-oil/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 grapeseed oil}}. Add patties and cook for 3 to 4 minutes on each side. Remove from pan and place on a paper towel lined platter to drain. Set aside and keep warm.\
To a hot grill pan, add flatbread to mark and warm on each side for 1 minute. Remove. Add 2 to 3 patties to each warm flatbread. Top with some arugula, tomato, onion and Smoky Tahini Sauce\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Smoky Tahini Sauce:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup tahini paste\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/olive-oil/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 extra-virgin olive oil}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup water\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/garlic/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cloves garlic}}, minced\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 lemon, juiced\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon freshly chopped {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/parsley/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 parsley leaves}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 teaspoons smoked paprika\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon salt\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 In a bowl, whisk all ingredients until a creamy consistency is reached.\
\
}