{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww19960\viewh18680\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs72 \cf0 Fontina and Mozzarella Grilled Cheese with Bacon and Honey Crisp Apples
\fs48 \

\b0 Yield:  4 serving\

\fs44 \
\

\b\fs60 Ingredients
\b0 \
12 slices bacon\
8 slices fresh mozzarella, 1/4 inch thick\
8 slices pumpernickel\
1 stick unsalted butter, at room temperature\
1/4 cup Dijon mustard\
16 slices fontina, thinly sliced from the deli\
1 Honey Crisp apple, peeled and sliced really thinly\
\

\b Directions
\b0 \
Cook the bacon in a large saute pan over medium heat until brown and crispy on both sides. Transfer to a plate lined with paper towels and reserve.\
Preheat a griddle or nonstick saute pan to medium. Between two pieces of paper towels, pat dry the mozzarella.\
Spread each piece of bread with a thin, even layer of butter. Spread the other side of each piece of bread with Dijon. Lay the bread down with the Dijon sides facing up on a baking sheet.\
Place one slice of fontina, one slice of mozzarella and then another slice of fontina on each piece of bread. Lay 3 bacon slices on half of the slices of the cheese-lined bread. Top the bacon with an even layer of apple slices (these are the bottoms, the ones with just cheese are the tops--together they make a pair!).\
Place the tops and bottoms on the griddle butter-side down and cook until the bread gets brown and crusty and the cheese begins to melt, 5 to 7 minutes. When the cheese is nice and melty, flip the tops onto the bottoms so the cheese is on the inside. Give each sandwich a press, flip over and cook for 1 to 2 minutes more.\
Cut the sandwiches in half on the bias and serve hot.\
\
}