{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Italian Subs\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs32 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 4 servings\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs36 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1/2 large onion, thinly sliced\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 12-inch loaf soft Italian bread\
{\listtext	\'95	}5 tablespoons red wine vinegar\
{\listtext	\'95	}5 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil\
{\listtext	\'95	}Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 pound deli-sliced provolone cheese\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 pound deli-sliced Genoa salami\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 pound deli-sliced boiled ham\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 pound deli-sliced mortadella\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 pound deli-sliced capicola\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 head iceberg lettuce, finely shredded\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 to 1/2 cup sliced pickled pepperoncini (optional)\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 plum tomatoes, thinly sliced\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 teaspoons dried oregano\
{\listtext	\'95	}Soak the onion slices in a large bowl of cold water, 15 minutes.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 Meanwhile, split the bread lengthwise, then pull out some of the bread from the inside. Drizzle 2 tablespoons each vinegar and olive oil on the bottom half. Season with salt and pepper.\
Layer the cheese and meat on the bottom half of the bread. Drain the onion and pat dry. Top the meat with the onion, lettuce, pepperoncini (if using) and tomatoes. Drizzle with 2 tablespoons each vinegar and olive oil and sprinkle with the oregano. Season generously with salt and pepper.\
Drizzle the cut side of the bread top with the remaining 1 tablespoon each vinegar and olive oil, then place on top of the sandwich. Cut into 4 pieces.}