{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16720\viewh17620\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Meatball Sandwiches\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs32 \cf2 Serves:
\b   
\b0 \cf0 6 to 8 servings\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs36 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 pound {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/beef/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 ground beef}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 pound ground pork\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 pound ground veal\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 egg\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 small onion, chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon dried parsley\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon granulated garlic\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon dried oregano\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}Parmesan {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/parsley/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Parsley}} Biscuits, recipe follows\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/spaghetti/index.html"}}{\fldrslt Spaghetti}}\cf0  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sauce/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Sauce}}, recipe follows\
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/provolone/index.html"}}{\fldrslt Provolone cheese}}\cf0 , thinly sliced\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.\
In a large bowl, combine the beef, pork, veal, egg, onion, parsley, garlic, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/oregano/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 oregano}}, salt, and pepper and mix until well combined. Scoop the mixture into mini {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/muffin-tin/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 muffin tins}}. Bake until browned, about 15 to 20 minutes. Serve on split {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/biscuit/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 biscuits}} with sauce and cheese.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs42 \cf0 Parmesan Parsley Biscuits:
\b0\fs36 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\fs42 \cf0 3 cups {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/flour/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 all-purpose flour}}\
1 cup grated Parmesan\
1/4 cup {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sugar/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 sugar}}\
2 tablespoons baking powder\
1/2 teaspoon salt\
1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper\
1 stick chilled {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/butter/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 unsalted butter}}, cut into cubes\
1/4 cup chopped fresh parsley or {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/chives/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 chives}}\
1 cup whole milk, chilled\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.\
In a large bowl, combine flour, 1/2 cup {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/parmesan/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Parmesan}}, sugar, baking powder, salt, and pepper. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/whisk/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Whisk}} until well blended. Add butter and combine with fingertips until a coarse meal forms. Mix in parsley. Gradually add milk, tossing with a fork until moist clumps form. Add extra milk if mixture is dry. Put dough on a floured work surface, folding 8 to 10 times until it becomes firm. Let rest for 10 minutes under a damp towel. Roll out on lightly floured work surface. Using a 2-inch-diameter biscuit ring, cut out biscuits and put on a parchment lined baking sheet. Sprinkle with remaining 1/2 cup cheese and bake until biscuits are puffed and golden, about 15 minutes.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\fs36 \cf0 Yield: 12 biscuits\

\b\fs42 Spaghetti Sauce:
\b0\fs36 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\fs42 \cf0 1 medium onion, chopped\
2 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/garlic/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cloves garlic}}, minced\
2 tablespoons {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/olive-oil/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 olive oil}}\
2 (14-ounce) cans diced {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/tomato/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 tomatoes}}\
20 fresh basil leaves, chopped\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 In a medium pan over high heat, saute onion and garlic in olive oil until softened, about 3 minutes. Add tomatoes and allow to {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/simmer/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 simmer}} until slightly reduced and thickened, about 25 minutes. Stir in fresh basil just before serving.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\fs36 \cf0 Yield: 6 to 8 servings\
}