{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12680\viewh17360\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs54 \cf0 Meatball Parmesan Sub\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs34 \cf2 Serves:
\b   
\b0 \cf0 One 12-inch sub\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs46 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}Three 3-ounce meatballs, homemade or store bought\
{\listtext	\'95	}One 12-inch sub roll\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 ounces red sauce\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 ounces whole milk mozzarella, shredded\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 ounce grated Parmesan\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 ounce dried oregano\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs46 \cf0 Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Cut the meatballs in half and place in the oven. Bake until the meatballs are warmed, 3 to 4 minutes. Cut the roll horizontally (careful not to cut all the way through.) Place the warmed meatballs on one side of the roll. Spread the sauce evenly over the meatballs and the other side of the roll. Spread the mozzarella over the meatballs. Spread the Parmesan over the other side of the roll. Sprinkle the oregano over the entire roll. Place the sub in the oven and bake until the cheeses are melted and the edges of the roll are browned, 2 to 3 minutes.\
This recipe was provided by a chef, restaurant or culinary professional and may have been scaled down from a bulk recipe. The Food Network Kitchens chefs have not tested this recipe, in the proportions indicated, and therefore, we cannot make any representation as to the results.\
}