{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Mini Italian Club Sandwiches\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs32 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 6 servings\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs36 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}3 large {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/eggs/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 eggs}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/whipping-cream/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 whipping cream}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 teaspoon salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/8 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon (about) {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/butter/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 unsalted butter}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}10 slices bacon\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 (8-ounce) round loaves focaccia bread (7-inch diameter)\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup purchased {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/pesto/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 pesto}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}8 ounces thinly sliced turkey\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 ounces thinly sliced provolone cheese\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/whisk/index.html"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf2 Whisk}}
\f1\b0\fs42  the eggs, cream, salt, and pepper in a medium bowl until well blended. Heat a 6-inch-diameter nonstick skillet over medium-low heat. Brush the skillet with some butter. Pour 1/4 cup of the egg mixture into the pan, swirling to coat the bottom of the pan evenly. Cover and cook until the egg crepe is just set, about 1 minute and 30 seconds. Invert the skillet over a plate, and allow the egg crepe to drop onto the plate. Repeat to make 4 crepes total, brushing the skillet with melted butter as needed and stacking crepes on the plate.\
Cook the bacon in a heavy large {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/frying-pan/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 frying pan}} until {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/crisp/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 crisp}}. Transfer the bacon to paper towels to {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/drain/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 drain}}.\
Preheat a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/griddle/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 griddle}} or {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/grill-pan/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 grill pan}} over medium-high heat. Cut the focaccia horizontally in half. Place the focaccia cut side down on the griddle and cook until the focaccia is heated through and golden brown on the bottom, about 2 minutes. Spread the pesto over the toasted sides of each halved {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/focaccia/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 focaccia}}. Cover the bottom halves of the focaccia with the egg crepes, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/turkey/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 turkey}}, provolone and bacon, dividing equally. Cover with the top halves of focaccia, pesto side down. Cut the sandwich into bite-size wedges. Arrange the sandwiches on a platter and serve.\
}