{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Sweet Apple Fontina Panini\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs32 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 4 servings\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs36 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}Cooking oil spray\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 apples, cored and sliced very thin\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons honey\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 tablespoon ground cardamom\
{\listtext	\'95	}Pinch of salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 cups Limoncello\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}12 sprigs fresh rosemary\
{\listtext	\'95	}8 slices broiche bread, sliced to desired thickness\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 slices fontina\
{\listtext	\'95	}5 eggs, beaten and reserved in shallow baking dish\
{\listtext	\'95	}Turbinado sugar, for garnish\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 lemon, zested, for garnish\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper and spray with cooking spray.\
In a large bowl, mix the apples, 2 tablespoons honey, cardamom and salt.\
Layer the apple mixture in slightly overlapped rows on the prepared baking sheet. Bake for 30 minutes.\
In medium saucepot, combine the Limoncello, sugar, 1/2 cup water, the remaining1/4 cup honey and rosemary. Bring to a boil over medium-high heat and stir until the sugar is dissolved. Remove from the heat and allow let steep for at least 10 minutes. Strain, reserving rosemary, and set aside.\
Brush the insides of each brioche slice with Limoncello syrup. Then layer the fontina and a quarter of the apple mixture. Close the sandwiches and place in the beaten eggs. Soak both sides of each sandwich. Place the sandwiches on a wire rack set over a baking sheet to drain off excess egg.\
Heat a greased griddle or a panini press. Cook the sandwiches until evenly browned on each side. Slice in half and serve with the remaining Limoncello syrup on the side. Garnish with a sprinkle of Turbinado sugar, lemon zest and reserved rosemary sprigs.\
\
}