{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red61\green61\blue61;\red6\green124\blue174;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12160\viewh11760\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri1000\sl500\sa80\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf2 Taleggio and Pear Panini\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\fs28 \cf2 Yield:  
\b0 4 servings\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs46 \cf2 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl420\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs36 \cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}1 (1-pound) loaf {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/ciabatta/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 ciabatta}} bread (or 8 slices country bread)\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup olive oil\
{\listtext	\'95	}8 ounces {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/taleggio/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 Taleggio}} cheese or {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/brie/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 brie}}, sliced\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 large pears, apples or peaches, cored and cut into 1/4-inch wedges\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons honey\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl420\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf3 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/pinch/index.html"}}{\fldrslt Pinch}}\cf2  salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}Pinch freshly ground black pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 ounces arugula or {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/spinach/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 spinach}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs46 \cf2 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa180\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs36 \cf2 Preheat the panini machine. Cut the ciabatta loaf into 4 equal pieces. Halve each piece horizontally to make 4 sandwiches. Brush the bread on both sides with olive oil and place the bottom-half of the bread slices in the panini machine in a single layer. Heat until golden, about 3 to 4 minutes. Continue with the remaining top slices of bread.\
\
While the top slices of the bread are in the Panini machine, begin forming the sandwiches. Divide the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cheese/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 cheese}} among the warm bread. Cover the cheese with slices of fruit. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/drizzle/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 Drizzle}} the fruit with {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/honey/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 honey}}. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Top with a handful of arugula. Place the warmed top half of the bread over the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/arugula/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 arugula}} and return the competed sandwich to the panini machine for 1 to 2 minutes more to {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/finish/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 finish}} melting the cheese. Remove from the panini machine. Cut the sandwiches in half and serve immediately.\
}