{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red84\green84\blue84;\red51\green51\blue51;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww21020\viewh18980\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl520\sa80\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs66 \cf0 Gingersnaps I\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs40 \cf2 Yield:  \cf0 2 1/2 dozen cookies
\b \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\ql\qnatural

\fs52 \cf0 INGREDIENTS\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0\fs48 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}2 3/4 cup all-purpose flour\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon ground ginger\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 teaspoons baking soda\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon ground cinnamon\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}12 ounces butter (3 sticks of butter)\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup dark brown sugar\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1/3 cup molasses\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons finely minced or grated fresh ginger\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon finely grated orange zest\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 egg\
{\listtext	\'95	}About1 cup turbinado sugar or sugar in the raw\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\ql\qnatural

\b\fs52 \cf0 DIRECTIONS\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa160\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs48 \cf3 Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper. \uc0\u8232 Whisk together the flour, ground ginger, baking soda, cinnamon and salt in a bowl. \u8232 Cream together the butter and brown sugar using a hand mixer or stand mixer until light and fluffy. Add the molasses, fresh ginger, orange zest and egg just until incorporated. Scrape down the sides of the bowl before adding the flour mixture and mixing until just incorporated. Transfer the dough to a bowl or container, cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate for at least 4 hours. \u8232 Scoop the dough using a 3/4-ounce scoop, roll in the turbinado sugar and place on the baking sheet. Bake until the cookies begin to crack on top, 12 to 13 minutes. Let the cookies cool on a drying rack before enjoying! \u8232 \u8232 }