{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red192\green0\blue0;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ginger Sandwich Cookies\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa100\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs34 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd4\expndtw20
INGREDIENTS
\fs40 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs26 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 COOKIES
\fs36 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0 \cf0 {\listtext	.	}1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour\
{\listtext	.	}1 1/2 teaspoons baking soda\
{\listtext	.	}2 teaspoons ground ginger\
{\listtext	.	}1 teaspoon ground cinnamon\
{\listtext	.	}1/4 teaspoon salt\
{\listtext	.	}1 stick plus 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened\
{\listtext	.	}3/4 cup sugar\
{\listtext	.	}1 large egg, at room temperature\
{\listtext	.	}1/4 cup unsulfured molasses\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\b\fs26 \cf2 FILLING
\fs36 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\b0 \cf0 {\listtext	.	}6 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened\
{\listtext	.	}2 cups confectioners' sugar\
{\listtext	.	}1 1/2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa100\ql\qnatural

\f1\b\fs30 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd4\expndtw20
DIRECTIONS
\fs40 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\sa160\ql\qnatural
\ls3\ilvl0
\f0\b0\fs36 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	.	}Preheat the oven to 350\'b0 and position racks in the upper and lower thirds. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper.\
{\listtext	.	}MAKE THE COOKIES In a bowl, whisk the flour, baking soda, ginger, cinnamon and salt. In the bowl of a standing electric mixer fitted with the paddle, beat the butter and sugar at medium speed until fluffy, 3 minutes. Beat in the egg and molasses. Add the dry ingredients and beat at low speed until incorporated, scraping down the bowl.\
{\listtext	.	}Working in 2 batches, drop scant tablespoons of the dough onto the baking sheets, 3 inches apart. Bake the cookies for 20 minutes, until risen and fallen and slightly firm; shift the sheets from top to bottom and front to back halfway through for even baking. Let cool slightly, then transfer the parchment paper to racks and let the cookies cool completely. Bake the remaining cookies.\
{\listtext	.	}Make the filling in the bowl of a standing electric mixer fitted with the paddle, beat the butter with the confectioners' sugar at medium speed until light and fluffy, about 3 minutes. Beat in the lemon juice.\
{\listtext	.	}Arrange the cookies in pairs on a large work surface. Spoon or pipe 1 rounded tablespoon of the lemon filling onto the flat side of half of the cookies. Sandwich with the remaining cookies, pressing them together so the filling spreads to the edge.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa100\ql\qnatural

\f1\b\fs30 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd4\expndtw20
MAKE AHEAD
\fs40 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b0\fs36 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 The sandwich cookies can be stored in an airtight container between sheets of wax paper for up to 1 week.}