{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11160\viewh14500\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs54 \cf0 Old-Fashioned Ginger Crinkle Cookies\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs34 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 about 4 dozen cookies\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs38 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs50 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}2 cups all-purpose flour\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 teaspoons baking soda\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 teaspoons ground ginger\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon ground cinnamon\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon kosher salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 teaspoon ground allspice\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 teaspoon ground cloves\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup vegetable shortening\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup unsalted butter, softened\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup firmly packed light brown sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup granulated sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup molasses\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 large egg\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup plus 1 tablespoon turbinando sugar\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs50 \cf0 Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.\
In a medium bowl, whisk together the flour, baking soda, ground ginger, cinnamon, salt, allspice and cloves.\
Add the shortening, butter and the brown and granulated sugars to the bowl of a standing mixer fitted with a paddle attachment. Beat on medium speed until light and fluffy, 3 to 4 minutes. Slip in the molasses and egg and beat until well incorporated. Add the flour mixture by scoopfuls and beat until combined.\
Add the turbinado sugar to a small plate or bowl. Roll the dough into balls that are 1 inch in diameter (1/2 ounce in weight), then roll in the sugar. Place 12 balls on a baking sheet 2 inches apart. Bake the cookies 9 to 11 minutes, rotating halfway through the baking time. Cool on the baking sheets for 4 minutes, then continue cooling on wire racks. Repeat with the second batch.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Notes\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs50 \cf0 Notes: These cookies are nice and chewy on the inside with a nice crunch on the outside. They have a wonderfully soft texture from using both shortening and butter. When you bake these cookies your house will smell like Christmas!}