{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12460\viewh16080\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Caramel Sauce Recipes\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\fs46 \cf0 Ingredients
\f1\b0\fs44 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 1 1/2 cups sugar\
1/2 cup water\
1 cup {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cream/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 heavy cream}}\
1 tablespoon unsalted butter\
Special equipment: a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/pastry-brush/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 pastry brush}}\cf2 \
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs46 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs44 \cf0 Put the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sugar/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 sugar}} and water in a 2-quart saucepan over medium heat. Stir once or twice to dissolve the sugar. Increase the heat to high and use a pastry brush dipped in cold water to brush down any crystallized sugar that forms on the side of the pan. Let the mixture bubble and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/caramelize/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 caramelize}} until it is amber, about 5 to 7 minutes. Remove from the heat and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/whisk/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 whisk}} the cream in very slowly. Stir in the butter. Cool to room temperature before serving.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Caramel Ganache
\f1\b0\fs32 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs36 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 Whisk 4 ounces chopped 
\b bittersweet
\b0  or 
\b semisweet chocolate
\b0  into the warm 
\b caramel sauce
\b0  until smooth. Drizzle over {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/vanilla/index.html"}}{\fldrslt 
\b \cf2 vanilla}}
\b  ice cream
\b0 .\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Caramel Turtles\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs36 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 Stir 1 1/3 cups chopped 
\b nuts
\b0  into the warm 
\b caramel
\b0 ; cool until the mixture is thick enough to hold its shape. Drop spoonfuls onto an oiled parchment-lined baking sheet; let set. Top with melted {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/chocolate/index.html"}}{\fldrslt 
\b \cf2 chocolate}} and sprinkle with coarse {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sea-salt/index.html"}}{\fldrslt 
\b \cf2 sea salt}}.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\fs36 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Perfect Caramel Apples
\f1\b0\fs32 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\b \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 6 apples\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs36 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions
\f1\b0\fs42 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Mix 2 cups 
\b sugar
\b0 , 1/4 cup 
\b light corn syrup
\b0  and 1/2 cup 
\b water
\b0  in a small saucepan. Bring to a boil over medium-high heat, stirring just until the sugar dissolves. Cook, swirling the pan (do not stir), until the mixture is light amber and a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/candyfat-thermometer/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 candy thermometer}} registers 320 degrees, 8 to 10 minutes. Remove from the heat; slowly whisk in 1/2 cup 
\b heavy cream
\b0 , then 2 tablespoons {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/butter/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 unsalted butter}}, 1 teaspoon {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/extracts/index.html"}}{\fldrslt 
\b \cf2 vanilla extract}} and a pinch of 
\b salt
\b0 . Return to low heat and whisk until smooth. Let cool until the caramel is thick enough to {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/coat-a-spoon/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 coat a spoon}}. Insert sticks into the stem ends of 6 
\b apples
\b0  and dip the apples into the caramel, letting the excess drip off. Roll in toppings if desired, then let cool on a parchment-lined baking sheet coated with {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cooking-spray/index.html"}}{\fldrslt 
\b \cf2 cooking spray}}.\
}