{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs50 \cf0 Chocolate Orange Liqueur Souffle with Chocolate Sauce\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs30 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 8 to 10 servings\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs34 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs42 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs40 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}6 tablespoons (3/4 stick) butter, divided\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}5 tablespoons {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/flour/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 all-purpose flour}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup milk\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 to 1 1/2 tablespoons orange liqueur (recommended: Grand Marnier)\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 (1-ounce) squares {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/chocolate/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 semisweet chocolate}}, melted\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 (1-ounce) squares bittersweet chocolate, melted\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 teaspoon salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}5 egg yolks, lightly beaten\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon vanilla extract\
{\listtext	\'95	}7 egg whites\
{\listtext	\'95	}Chocolate Sauce, recipe follows\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs42 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs40 \cf0 Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.\
Coat the bottom and sides of a 2 1/2 quart souffle dish with 2 tablespoons butter, sprinkle bottom and sides evenly with 1/2 cup sugar. Tap out excess sugar; reserve sugar for later use.\
In a medium {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/saucepan/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 saucepan}}, melt the remaining 4 tablespoons butter. Stir in flour and cook, stirring occasionally, until mixture begins to bubble. Add milk, orange liqueur, melted chocolates, and salt. Cook over medium-low heat until mixture thickens, stirring occasionally. Remove from heat and allow mixture to cool for 10 minutes. Whisk in beaten egg yolks and vanilla.\
In a large bowl, beat egg whites until foamy. Gradually add reserved sugar, beating until stiff. Fold whites into chocolate mixture. Gently spoon mixture into prepared souffle dish. Place {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/souffle-dish/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 souffle dish}} in a baking pan. Fill pan with 1-inch warm water. Bake for 55 minutes. Serve immediately with Chocolate Sauce.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs42 \cf0 Chocolate Sauce:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs40 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup (1/2 stick) {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/butter/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 butter}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 (1-ounce) square bittersweet chocolate\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup unsweetened {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cocoa-powder/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cocoa powder}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/whipping-cream/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 whipping cream}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/8 teaspoon salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/extracts/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 vanilla extract}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 to 1 1/2 tablespoons orange liqueur (recommended: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/grand-marnier/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Grand Marnier}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Melt butter and chocolate in the microwave or in a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/double-boiler/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 double boiler}}. Add cocoa, sugar, cream, and salt. Bring to a boil. Remove from heat and add vanilla and orange {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/liqueur/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 liqueur}}\
}