{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red61\green61\blue61;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11780\viewh10760\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs66 \cf2 Homemade Pizza Dough and Marinara Sauce
\fs58 \

\fs48 Ingredients
\fs54 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\sa80\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs44 \cf2 Pizza Dough:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl460\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0 \cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}One 1/4-ounce packet dry-active yeast\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 teaspoons sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 cups all-purpose flour, plus bench flour\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon salt\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa140\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b\fs50 \cf2 Directions
\fs54 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl460\sa180\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs44 \cf2 For the pizza dough: Add the yeast, 1 cup warm water and sugar in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the dough hook. Let the mixture sit to allow the yeast to activate. The mixture should start foaming and forming small bubbles on the surface, 10 minutes. Gradually add the flour with the mixer on low speed. Add the olive oil and salt. Continue to mix on low and scrape down the sides of the bowl with a rubber spatula as needed. Increase the speed as the flour becomes incorporated, and knead on medium speed, 7 to 8 minutes. The dough is done when it comes together as a single mass.\
Remove the dough from the mixer and knead 4 to 5 times on a lightly-floured surface so the dough is smooth and consistent. Place in an oiled bowl, cover with plastic and allow to sit until the dough rises and doubles in volume, 1 hour.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa140\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b\fs54 \cf2 Marinara Sauce:\
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs48 Ingredients
\fs54 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl460\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs44 \cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup diced yellow onion\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 medium cloves garlic, crushed\
{\listtext	\'95	}One 28-ounce can fire-roasted diced tomatoes, such as Muir Glen\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup shredded fresh basil leaves\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon chopped fresh oregano\
{\listtext	\'95	}Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf2 Directions
\f1\b0\fs44 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl460\sa180\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf2 Heat the olive oil in a medium saucepan over medium-low heat. Add the onions and cook until translucent, about 4 minutes. Add the garlic and cook until the garlic is almost brown, another 2 minutes. Add the tomatoes and simmer, 20 minutes.\
Add the basil and oregano, and continue to simmer to thoroughly marry the flavors, 20 minutes longer. Puree the mixture with a stick blender, food mill or food processor. Season with salt and pepper. Yield: Makes 1 quart.\
}