{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red84\green84\blue84;\red51\green51\blue51;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl520\sa80\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs64 \cf0 Bacon Caramel Popcorn\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\fs38 \cf2 Yield:  \cf0 1 1/2 quarts\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\ql\qnatural

\fs50 \cf0 INGREDIENTS\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0\fs46 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}Nonstick cooking spray\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 ounces bacon, about 2 slices\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 quarts popped popcorn\
{\listtext	\'95	}8 teaspoons butter\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 teaspoons bacon fat\
{\listtext	\'95	}5 ounces (10 tablespoons) brown sugar\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}8 teaspoons corn syrup\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/3 teaspoon salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/8 teaspoon baking soda\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/3 teaspoon vanilla extract\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\ql\qnatural

\b\fs50 \cf0 DIRECTIONS\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa160\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs46 \cf3 Preheat oven to 250 degrees F. \uc0\u8232 \u8232 Place popped popcorn in a very large bowl. \u8232 \u8232 Prepare 2 sheet pans with nonstick spray and line with aluminum foil. \u8232 \u8232 In a medium saucepan over medium heat, par-cook the bacon and render the bacon fat. Once the bacon has cooked, strain the bacon fat from the bacon pieces and reserve the fat. Transfer the cooked bacon pieces to paper towels and continue to drain the excess fat. Then add to popcorn. \u8232 \u8232 In the saucepan already used, add the butter and bacon fat (add more bacon fat as needed). Heat until the butter has fully melted. \u8232 \u8232 Add the brown sugar, corn syrup, and salt. Bring to a boil and stir constantly. Continue to boil without stirring for 4 minutes. \u8232 \u8232 Remove from heat and stir in baking soda and vanilla. \u8232 \u8232 Pour in a thin stream over popcorn, stirring to coat evenly. \u8232 \u8232 Divide the mixture evenly between sheet pans and bake, stirring every 15 minutes for 1 hour. Remove from oven and let cool completely before breaking into pieces. \u8232 \u8232 Store in an airtight container for up to one week. \u8232 }