{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red84\green84\blue84;\red51\green51\blue51;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11500\viewh13680\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl520\sa80\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs66 \cf0 Brown Butter Toffee\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\fs40 \cf2 Yield:  \cf0 1 pan of toffee\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\ql\qnatural

\fs44 \cf0 INGREDIENTS\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0\fs40 \cf0 {\listtext	
\fs48 \'95	}1 cup unsalted butter\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup brown rice syrup*\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 cups (70 to 80 percent) chopped chocolate\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup roasted almonds, chopped\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}*Can be found at specialty bake shops\
{\listtext	\'95	}Special equipment: Double boiler or heatproof glass bowl, parchment paper, candy thermometer.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\ql\qnatural

\b\fs44 \cf0 DIRECTIONS\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa160\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs48 \cf3 Line an 8 by 8 baking pan with parchment paper. In a medium-heavy saucepan melt the butter over medium heat. Stir in the brown rice syrup with a wooden spoon or heatproof rubber spatula. Continue to stir constantly until the mixture reaches 270 degrees F on the candy thermometer. Be careful not to let the mixture burn. Once the mixture is hot enough, pour the toffee into the parchment-lined pan and allow it to cool. \uc0\u8232 While the toffee is cooling melt the chocolate over a double boiler or in a heatproof glass bowl set over a medium pot of boiling water not touching the bottom of the bowl. Pour the melted chocolate onto the cooled toffee and sprinkle with the almonds. Put the pan in the refrigerator and allow it to cool. \u8232 Once the toffee and chocolate is cooled break it into pieces and serve.}