{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13700\viewh15980\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 Chocolate Popcorn Brittle
\f1\b0\fs28 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\b \cf2 Serves: 
\b0 \cf0 8 to 10 servings\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs46 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs44 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup honey\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup crunchy peanut butter\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon pure vanilla extract\
{\listtext	\'95	}10 cups popped popcorn\
{\listtext	\'95	}Salt, optional\
{\listtext	\'95	}6 ounces semisweet chocolate, melted\
{\listtext	\'95	}6 ounces white chocolate, melted\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup salted pretzels, crushed\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs46 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs44 \cf0 Mix the sugar and honey in a small saucepan and bring to a boil. Let simmer for 2 minutes. Remove from the heat and mix in the crunchy peanut butter. Continue to stir until the peanut butter is smooth, and then add the vanilla.\
In a large mixing bowl, add the popped popcorn. If desired, lightly salt the popcorn. Pour the warm peanut butter mixture over the popcorn and stir with a long-handled wooden spoon until completely coated.\
On a baking sheet lined with wax paper, pour the coated popcorn and distribute evenly. Drizzle with the melted semisweet chocolate, and then drizzle with the white chocolate. Sprinkle the crushed pretzels over the warm popcorn. Allow the chocolate to set about 20 minutes (or speed up the process by placing the baking sheet in the refrigerator). Once the popcorn is set, serve in a large serving bowl. Store tightly covered.\
}