{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14000\viewh15920\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs58 \cf0 Chocolate Truffles\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1/3 cup cream\
{\listtext	\'95	}14 ounces white chocolate, chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon butter\
{\listtext	\'95	}8 ounces dark chocolate, chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 cups coconut, toasted and finely ground\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 Put the white chocolate in a large bowl.\
\
Add the heavy cream to a heavy-bottomed saucepan and warm it over very low heat. Put the white chocolate into a bowl and pour in the hot cream. Whisk until all of the chocolate has melted. Add the butter and whisk until the mixture is smooth. Refrigerate the ganache for about 1 to 2 hours, just enough to be able to form it into balls.\
\
Use a tablespoon or small scoop to measure even amounts of ganache into small balls. Put the balls on a parchment or silicone mat lined sheet tray. Refrigerate for 1 hour to firm up before the next step.\
\
Melt the dark chocolate in a double boiler (or a microwave). Dip each ball in the melted chocolate (2 forks make it easier to fish out dipped chocolate balls). Put the coconut into a medium bowl and add the ganache balls. Toss to cover them in the coconut, then put them on a wire rack over a parchment lined tray to dry. Allow the truffles to set for about 10 minutes before devou}