{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;\red35\green35\blue35;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww19160\viewh15580\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs78 \cf0 Chocolate Toffee
\fs76 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs50 \cf2 Serves: 
\b  
\b0 \cf0 1 pound\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\i\fs54 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\i0\b\fs60 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs58 \cf0 2 cups sugar\
1/3 cup water\
3 tablespoons light corn syrup\
12 ounces salted butter (3 sticks), cut into chunks\
1/4 cup cocoa powder, preferably Droste or Valrhona\
1 cup whole blanched almonds, preferably Marcona, toasted and roughly chopped (see toasting instructions below)\
Equipment: Silicone baking mat; candy thermometer\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs60 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs58 \cf0 Line a sided sheet pan with a silicone baking mat.\
Pour the sugar into the center of a saucepan fitted with a candy thermometer. Pour the water around the edge of the pan and wait to allow the water to moisten the sugar. (You can draw a clean finger through the center of the pan to allow some water to seep in.) Add the corn syrup and bring to a boil. Add the butter and boil until the mixture reaches 300 degrees F.\
Turn off the heat and whisk in the cocoa; then stir in the almonds. Quickly pour the mixture onto the center of the prepared pan and let it spread out. Set aside to cool at room temperature until hard. Using your hands (I wear gloves to avoid fingerprints), pry the toffee out of the pan and break into large pieces. Store in an airtight container. The toffee will keep well for up to 2 weeks in an airtight container.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl600\sa100\ql\qnatural

\f2\b\fs64 \cf3 \kerning1\expnd-4\expndtw-20
How to Toast Blanched Almonds
\b0\fs52 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-4\expndtw-20
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f3\fs60 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Heat your oven to 350 F.
\f1\fs56 \uc0\u8232 
\f3\fs60 Spread almonds evenly in a single layer on an ungreased baking sheet.
\f1\fs56 \uc0\u8232 
\f3\fs60 Place the baking sheet on the middle rack in the oven.
\f1\fs56 \uc0\u8232 
\f3\fs60 Bake the almonds for 5 minutes. Take the almonds out of the oven and stir them around with a spoon.
\f1\fs56 \uc0\u8232 
\f3\fs60 Return the baking pan to the oven's middle rack. Let them bake for 10 to 25 more minutes. Watch them closely, as almonds tend to burn quickly.
\f1\fs56 \uc0\u8232 
\f3\fs60 Remove the almonds from the oven when they are golden brown. 
\f1\fs56 \uc0\u8232 
\fs60 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\fs30 \cf0 \
\
\
\
\
\
}