{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16940\viewh16740\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl640\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs64 \cf0 Dark Chocolate Bark with Walnuts and Dried Cherries
\f1\fs44 \kerning1\expnd4\expndtw20
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa100\ql\qnatural
\cf0 INGREDIENTS\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f2\b0\fs46 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl1
\f0 \cf0 {\listtext	.	}1 1/2 cups sliced  almonds \
{\listtext	.	}9 ounces bittersweet chocolate, finely chopped\
{\listtext	.	}1 cup dried sour cherries (4 ounces), coarsely chopped\
{\listtext	.	}2 tablespoons finely chopped crystallized ginger
\fs44 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1120\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs36 \cf0 		\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa100\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl1
\f1\b\fs44 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd4\expndtw20
DIRECTIONS\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa160\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl1
\f0\b0\fs42 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	.	}
\fs44 Preheat the oven to 350\'b0. Spread the almonds on a baking sheet and toast for 8 minutes, or until golden and fragrant. Let cool.\
{\listtext	.	}Line a baking sheet with parchment or wax paper. In a glass bowl, heat two-thirds of the chocolate in a microwave oven at high power in 30-second bursts until just melted. Stir until smooth. Add the remaining chocolate and stir until melted. Fold in the almonds, cherries and crystallized ginger until evenly coated. Scrape the mixture onto the prepared baking sheet and spread it into a 12-by-8-inch rectangle. Refrigerate for 10 minutes, or until firm enough to cut.\
{\listtext	.	}Serve cold or at room temperature.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl1
\f2\fs38 \cf0 		\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa100\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl1
\f1\b\fs44 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd4\expndtw20
MAKE AHEAD\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl1
\f2\b0\fs52 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 The bark can be kept in an airtight container at room temperature for up to 4 days or refrigerated for up to 2 weeks.
\f0\fs50 \
}