{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww18740\viewh16880\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Famous Truffles\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs32 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 50 to 60 truffles\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs36 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs46 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 cups creme fraiche or {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sour-cream/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 sour cream}}.\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons espresso {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/coffee/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 coffee}}, finely ground\
{\listtext	\'95	}12 ounces best-quality bittersweet chocolate, chopped with a heavy knife\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 pounds semisweet chocolate\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 cups unsweetened Dutch-process cocoa powder\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs46 \cf0 In a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/saucepan/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 saucepan}}, combine the creme fraiche and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/espresso/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 espresso}} and bring to a boil over medium heat. As soon as it boils, turn off the heat. Meanwhile, put the chopped bittersweet chocolate in a medium bowl. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/strain/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Strain}} the hot creme fraiche mixture into the bowl. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/whisk/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Whisk}} until the chocolate is melted and the mixture is smooth. Cover and let rest in a cool place overnight. The mixture will become firm but not too hard to pipe easily.\
The next day, using a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/pastry-bag/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 pastry bag}} fitted with a large plain tip, pipe bite-size "kisses" of the mixture onto parchment paper-lined baking sheets. Refrigerate briefly just until set, about 30 minutes. Use your palm to gently press down the point that sticks up on each {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/truffle/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 truffle}}. Transfer to the freezer and freeze until hard, 2 to 3 hours or overnight.\
In the top of a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/double-boiler/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 double boiler}} set over barely simmering water, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/melt/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 melt}} the semisweet chocolate. It should be liquid, but not so hot that you can't touch it; if it is too hot for you, wear disposable surgical gloves. Spread the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cocoa-powder/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cocoa powder}} out on a sheet pan with sides. Working in 2 batches if necessary to avoid crowding the pan of cocoa, dip the frozen truffle centers 1 at a time into the melted {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/chocolate/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 chocolate}}, shake off any excess, and set them down in the cocoa. When all the truffle centers are dipped and the chocolate has started to set, gently but thoroughly shake the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sheet-pan/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 sheet pan}} to roll the truffles around in the cocoa until coated. Carefully remove to another sheet pan and refrigerate, uncovered, 30 minutes. You can {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sift/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 sift}} the unused cocoa and use it for another purpose. Transfer to an airtight container and keep chilled until almost ready to serve. Bring to room temperature before serving.\
}