{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red193\green42\blue34;\red135\green134\blue134;\red95\green97\blue97;
}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14360\viewh13540\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl720\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs74 \cf2 Homemade Butterfingers
\fs50 \cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl900\ql\qnatural

\fs62 \cf3 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\fs50 \cf4 		16 ounces, weight\'a0Candy Corn\
		16 ounces, weight\'a0Creamy Peanut Butter\
		3 cups\'a0Milk Or Dark Chocolate\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl900\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs62 \cf3 Instructions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs50 \cf4 Line an 8\'d78 or 9\'d79 inch pan with wax paper.\
Melt the candy corn in the microwave in a medium bowl, stirring every 30 seconds. Continue heating for 30 seconds at a time, stirring in between, until melted and smooth. Stir in the peanut butter until equally distributed and smooth. Pour into prepared pan and smooth. Place in the freezer for 10-20 minutes until firm.\
In the meantime line a large baking sheet with wax paper.\
Take the chilled bars out of the pan and cut them into mini Butterfinger size bars (I just eyeballed it \'96 you can too!).\
Melt the chocolate in a clean medium bowl in the microwave stirring every 30 seconds and continuing to heat for additional 30 second bursts until smooth.\
Using a fork, dip each Butterfinger into the chocolate, turning to cover completely. Take the bar out of chocolate with fork and tap lightly on the side of the bowl so that excess chocolate falls off. Place on the wax paper lined baking sheet. Continue with Butterfingers until all are dipped. (If at any point your chocolate becomes too hard to dip, simply return it to the microwave and heat for another 10-15 seconds and stir. Do this throughout the process as needed.)\
When all bars have been dipped, place them in the freezer for an additional 5-10 minutes. Enjoy.\
\pard\tx560\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural
\cf4 \
}