{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red84\green84\blue84;\red51\green51\blue51;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl520\sa80\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs66 \cf0 Macadamia Nut Brittle\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\fs40 \cf2 Yield:  \cf0 about 1 3/4 pounds\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\ql\qnatural

\fs52 \cf0 INGREDIENTS\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0\fs48 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}2 cups unsalted macadamia nuts\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/4 cups granulated sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/3 cup light corn syrup\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/3 cup water\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}8 ounces (2 sticks) unsalted butter, cut into small pieces\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon baking soda\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\ql\qnatural

\b\fs52 \cf0 DIRECTIONS\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa160\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs48 \cf3 Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spread the nuts on a baking tray and toast for 8 to 10 minutes, turning the nuts after 5 minutes. Cool and then coarsely chop. Set aside. \uc0\u8232 Place the sugar in a medium deep saucepan. Add the corn syrup and water, and over medium heat, bring to a boil. Boil until a layer of bubbles forms on top, 3 to 4 minutes. Cover the pan with aluminum foil and continue to boil 5 minutes longer. \u8232 Remove the foil, add the butter, and stir with a wooden spoon until the butter is melted. Cook over medium heat until a candy thermometer registers 300 degrees F, about 30 minutes, stirring occasionally. Immediately stir in the salt, baking soda, and reserved nuts. \u8232 Meanwhile, coat with vegetable oil or spray a 12 by 17-inch half sheet pan. Spread the nut mixture over the prepared pan, spreading it as thin as possible with a long, metal spatula. When cool, run a clean, dry towel over the top to absorb some of the oil. \u8232 Cut or break the brittle into desired pieces.}