{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red61\green61\blue61;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11020\viewh12980\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl500\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs42 \cf0 Mocha Meringue Bark\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs26 \cf2 Yield: 
\b0 4 to 6 servings
\fs22 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\ql\qnatural

\fs40 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl420\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs38 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup blanched slivered almonds, divided\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sugar/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 sugar}}, plus 1/4 cup\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 egg whites\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl420\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf3 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/pinch/index.html"}}{\fldrslt Pinch}}\cf0  salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon instant espresso powder\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/3 cup mini chocolate {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/chips/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 chips}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs40 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs38 \cf0 Preheat the oven to 250 degrees F. Line a rimmed baking sheet with a silicone baking mat or parchment paper.\
\
Put 1/4 cup blanched almonds and 1 teaspoon sugar into a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/food-processor/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 food processor}} and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/pulse/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 pulse}} until it resembles {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cornmeal/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 cornmeal}}; reserve. Finely {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/chop/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 chop}} the remaining almonds.\
\
In a stand mixer with the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/whisk/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 whisk}} attachment, beat egg whites and salt until very soft peaks have formed. In a small bowl, stir together the remaining 1/4 cup sugar and espresso powder. With the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/mixer/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 mixer}} running on low, slowly add in the sugar and the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/espresso/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 espresso}} powder, 1 tablespoon at a time, whipping just to the stiff peak stage, (do not overbeat). Gently fold in the reserved almond flour.\
\
With a large offset {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/spatula/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 spatula}}, spread the meringue {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/batter/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 batter}} on the lined baking sheet in an even layer, about 1/2-inch thick. Sprinkle the finely chopped almonds and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/chocolate/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 chocolate}} chips evenly over the surface of the meringue and bake for 1 hour. Turn the oven off, leaving the meringue in the oven to dry out further and cool for an additional 1 hour.
\fs26 \
\
Note: If {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/meringue/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 meringue}} gets chewy, put it back into a 200 degree F oven for about 30 minutes, turn off the oven and let dry inside the oven while it cools.\
\
To serve, break the meringue into pieces. Leftover meringues can be stored in an airtight container at room temperature in a dry cool place for up to 3 days.\
}