{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13080\viewh13200\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Party Popcorn
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\b \cf2 Serves: 
\b0 \cf0 4 servings\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs28 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs40 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs38 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1/3 cup {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/popcorn/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 popcorn}} kernels\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons vegetable oil\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons butter\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup toffee {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/chips/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 chips}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/honey/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 honey}} roasted peanuts\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup semi-sweet {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/chocolate/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 chocolate}} morsels\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs40 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs38 \cf0 In a heavy pot on high heat, add oil and 1 kernel of popcorn. Cover. When kernel pops, add the rest. Pop until you know longer hear the popping sounds. Remove from heat and spread on a baking sheet. In the same pot, melt {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/butter/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 butter}} over medium heat and add toffee and peanuts. Stir until {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/toffee/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 toffee}} melts, adding more butter, if needed. Pour over popcorn. Melt chocolate in a small {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/saucepan/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 saucepan}} or in the microwave and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/drizzle/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 drizzle}} over the top of the popcorn. Let sit for a few minutes then serve.}