{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13500\viewh19220\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs58 \cf0 Pepped Up Popcorn\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs32 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 2 to 4 servings\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Cheesy Popcorn:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 (3.5-ounce) package natural microwave popcorn (not the buttered kind)\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons freshly grated Parmesan\
{\listtext	\'95	}Kosher salt\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 Pop the popcorn according to package instructions. While hot, carefully open package and dump into a large bowl. Drizzle oil over the popcorn, and toss the popcorn with your hands to coat. Add the cheese and toss again. Season, to taste, with salt. Cool. Transfer to a sealed container and tuck in a lunch box.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Sweet and Spicy Popcorn:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons dark brown sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon unsalted butter\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon chili powder\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 (3.5-ounce) package natural microwave popcorn (not the buttered kind), popped\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Put the sugar, butter, and chili powder in a microwave-safe bowl; microwave on medium (50 percent power) until butter melts, about 1 minute. Stir to dissolve sugar. Drizzle over freshly popped popcorn; and toss to evenly coat. Cool. Transfer to a sealed container and tuck in a lunch box.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Rocky Road Popcorn:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls3\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 (3.5-ounce) package natural microwave popcorn (not the buttered kind)\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup mini or regular chocolate chips\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 cups mini marshmallows\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup salted peanuts, optional\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Pop the popcorn according to package instructions. While it's still hot, carefully open and dump into a large bowl. Add the chips and marshmallows.\
Return popcorn to the microwave. Cook on high until the chips and marshmallows get gooey, about 1 minute. Add the peanuts, if desired, and toss with a spoon until all the popcorn is coated. Cool until chocolate hardens, about 20 minutes. Transfer to a sealed container and tuck in a lunch box.\
\
}