{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red84\green84\blue84;\red51\green51\blue51;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13920\viewh13580\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl520\sa80\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs64 \cf0 Rocky Road Bark\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\fs38 \cf2 Yield:  \cf0 1 pound 6 ounces\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\ql\qnatural

\fs48 \cf0 INGREDIENTS\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0\fs44 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 pound 54-percent bittersweet chocolate, finely chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 ounces roasted, salted almonds, chopped\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}2 ounces marshmallow creme\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\ql\qnatural

\b\fs48 \cf0 DIRECTIONS\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa160\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs44 \cf3 Place the chocolate in a food processor fitted with the blade attachment. Pulse 25 to 30 times or until the chocolate is the consistency of coarse breadcrumbs. \uc0\u8232 \u8232 Turn the food processor on and run for 1 minute until the chocolate becomes a mass. Stop the food processor and use a clean spatula to break up the mass, scraping the bottom and sides of the food processor. Leave the chocolate in the food processor for 1 minute without running or pulsing. Scrape down the sides and bottom of the processor after the 1-minute rest. \u8232 \u8232 Complete all the steps in the previous paragraph, 3 to 4 times or until the chocolate is smooth, fluid and reaches 90 to 91 degrees F. Do not let the chocolate go above 94 degrees F. If the chocolate is close to but not at 90 degrees, briefly heat with a 10-second blast of warm heat from a hair dryer until it reaches the correct temperature. \u8232 \u8232 Remove the food processor bowl from the base and the blade from the bowl. Continue scraping and stirring for 1 minute. Test the temper of the chocolate by spreading a small amount of chocolate in an even layer on a metal surface set over an ice pack. It should set within 3 minutes and be shiny and streak-free. \u8232 \u8232 If the temper test has some streaks, continue scraping and stirring for another minute and test again. The chocolate should maintain a temperature between 88 and 91 degrees F. \u8232 \u8232 As the chocolate begins to cool it will set on the sides of the food processor; as needed scrape down the sides of the bowl again and briefly heat with a 10-second blast of warm heat from a hair dryer until it is once again 91 degrees F. \u8232 \u8232 Stir two-thirds of the almonds and marshmallow creme into the chocolate just to combine and pour onto a sheet of parchment or a silicone mat set on a half sheet pan inverted over cold packs. Top with the remaining third of the almonds and marshmallow creme. Cool until set, approximately 30 minutes. \u8232 \u8232 Break into large pieces to serve. Store in an airtight container in a cool, dark place.\
}