{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Rum Raisin Truffles\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs32 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 35 to 40 truffles\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}125 grams {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cream/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 heavy cream}} (about 1/2 cup)\
{\listtext	\'95	}750 grams (about 26 ounces) milk chocolate, divided\
{\listtext	\'95	}15 grams {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/butter/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 butter}} (about 1 tablespoon)\
{\listtext	\'95	}40 grams {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/raisin/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 raisins}} (about 1/8 cup)\
{\listtext	\'95	}60 grams dark rum, such as Mount Gay (about 1/4 cup)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 In a heatproof bowl set over simmering water, heat the cream until hot to the touch and turn off the heat. Meanwhile, chop 350 grams of the milk chocolate into small pieces. Add the chocolate and butter to the hot cream, and stir until the chocolate melts.\
Place the raisins and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/rum/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 rum}} in the bowl of a mini {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/food-processor/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 food processor}} or {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/blender/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 blender}} and process until the raisins are finely minced. Stir the raisin mixture into the chocolate mixture and set aside at room temperature for at least 6 hours or overnight to cool.\
Using a 1 1/4-inch {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/ice-cream-scoop/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 ice cream scoop}}, scoop balls of the rum raisin mixture and place them on sheet pans lined with parchment paper.\
To make the tempered chocolate, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/chop/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 chop}} the remaining 400 grams of milk chocolate and place 3/4 of it in a small glass bowl in the microwave for 20 seconds exactly. Stir the chocolate and continue to microwave for 20 seconds at a time, stirring in between, until the chocolate is smooth and shiny. Add the remaining 1/4 of the chocolate and stir until smooth. The chocolate should register 85 to 89 degrees F on a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/candyfat-thermometer/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 candy thermometer}}.\
With 2 small spoons, pick up each ball and cover it with tempered chocolate. (You can also use your hands to coat them.) They can look a little messy and "{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/truffle/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 truffle}}" like. Place the truffle back on the parchment paper. Continue to coat each of the balls until they're all coated with {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/chocolate/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 milk chocolate}}. Allow to sit for a few minutes until the chocolate hardens. Serve at room temperature.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Notes\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 A viewer, who may not be a professional cook, provided this recipe. The Food Network Kitchens chefs have not tested this recipe and therefore, we cannot make representation as to the results.\
}