{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red84\green84\blue84;\red51\green51\blue51;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl520\sa80\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs64 \cf0 Sea Salt Caramels
\fs38 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural
\cf2 Yield:  \cf0 1 (9 by 13-inch) pan\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\ql\qnatural

\fs48 \cf0 INGREDIENTS\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0\fs44 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 3/4 cups sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 (12-ounce) can evaporated milk\
{\listtext	\'95	}3/4 cup heavy cream\
{\listtext	\'95	}3/4 cup light corn syrup\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons butter\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon pure vanilla extract\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 1/2 teaspoons coarse sea salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}Cooking spray\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\ql\qnatural

\b\fs48 \cf0 DIRECTIONS\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa160\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs44 \cf3 In a medium, heavy-bottom saucepan, combine sugar, evaporated milk, and heavy cream. Bring to a boil over medium heat. Add the corn syrup and continue cooking until the mixture registers 230 degrees F on a candy thermometer, about 10 minutes. \uc0\u8232 Stir in the butter and vanilla and continue cooking, stirring constantly, until caramel reaches 240 degrees F. Remove from heat and stir in salt; carefully pour into a lightly oiled, parchment-lined 9 by 13-inch baking dish. \u8232 Let the caramels cool at least 1 hour. Invert the caramels onto a cutting board covered with waxed or parchment paper. Cut into 1-inch pieces with a sharp, lightly oiled knife. Caramels can be wrapped in waxed or parchment paper. Store them at room temperature in an airtight container or in the refrigerator up to 3 weeks. 
\b \uc0\u8232 
\b0 \uc0\u8232 }