{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red84\green84\blue84;\red51\green51\blue51;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl520\sa80\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs66 \cf0 Smoked Almond Brittle\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\fs40 \cf2 Yield:  \cf0 12 ounces brittle\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\ql\qnatural

\fs48 \cf0 INGREDIENTS\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0\fs44 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup, plus 3 tablespoons sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup water\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup corn syrup\
{\listtext	\'95	}3/4 cup smoked almonds\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260\sa280\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}Sea salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 teaspoons unsalted butter, plus more for pan\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 vanilla bean, split and seeds scraped\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon baking soda\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\ql\qnatural

\b\fs48 \cf0 DIRECTIONS\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa160\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs44 \cf3 Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F. Line a large-rimmed baking sheet with a nonstick silicone mat and lightly butter. \uc0\u8232 In a heavy-bottom saucepan, combine the sugar, water, and corn syrup. Bring to a boil over medium heat; boil until it registers 230 degrees F on a candy thermometer, about 10 minutes. Transfer the almonds to the oven on another large-rimmed baking sheet until warmed through, but not toasted. \u8232 When the syrup reaches 239 degrees F, stir the almonds into the syrup with 1 teaspoon salt. Continue cooking, stirring occasionally, until the syrup is 300 degrees F and a rich caramel color; immediately stir in the butter, vanilla, and baking soda. \u8232 Pour the brittle mixture onto the prepared baking sheet, folding the border back towards the middle to distribute the heat evenly. Cool completely at room temperature and break into pieces. 
\b \uc0\u8232 }