{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red61\green61\blue61;\red6\green124\blue174;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12900\viewh13700\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs54 \cf0 Spiced Pecans \

\fs50 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf2 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl460\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs40 \cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}7 tablespoons butter\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup brown sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 cups {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/pecan/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 pecan}} pieces\
{\listtext	\'95	}Salt\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl460\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf3 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cayenne-pepper/index.html"}}{\fldrslt Cayenne pepper}}\cf2 \
{\listtext	\'95	}Pinch ground nutmeg\
\ls1\ilvl0\cf3 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/pinch/index.html"}}{\fldrslt Pinch}}\cf2  ground cinnamon\
		\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa140\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b\fs50 \cf2 Directions
\f1\b0\fs40 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl460\sa180\ql\qnatural
\cf2 In a large saute pan, melt 4 tablespoons of butter. Add the brown {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sugar/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 sugar}} and stir until the sugar dissolves and is bubbly. Add the pecans. Season the pecans with salt, cayenne, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/nutmeg/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 nutmeg}}, and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cinnamon/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 cinnamon}}. Continue to cook, stirring constantly, until the sugar starts to {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/caramelize/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 caramelize}} and coat the pecans evenly. Cook for about 4 minutes. Remove the pan from the heat and spread the pecans over a parchment lined baking sheet. Place the pan in the oven and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/roast/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 roast}} the pecans for about 6 minutes. Remove the pan from the oven and cool completely. Break the pecans into small pieces.\
}