{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red39\green87\blue152;\red46\green84\blue119;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl460\ql\qnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://hometownstation.com/index.php?option=com_content&view=article&id=26684:hometown-recipes-sweet-and-spicy-roasted-pumpkin-seeds&catid=167:hometown-recipes-&Itemid=433"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\b\fs46 \cf2 Sweet And Spicy Roasted Pumpkin Seeds}}
\f0\b\fs46 \cf3 	
\b0\fs26 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa260\ql\qnatural

\fs44 \cf0 1 large egg white\
1 tablespoon raw sugar\
\'bc teaspoon sea salt or table salt\
1/8 teaspoon ground cloves\
\'bc teaspoon ground cayenne pepper\
1/8 teaspoon cumin\
Put the egg white in the bowl and whisk until frothy. Add the sugar and whisk until dissolved. Add the remaining ingredients and whisk until well incorporated. Add the pumpkin seeds and stir to incorporate.\
Pour the pumpkin seed mixture onto the baking sheet and spread out into a single layer with the help of the spatula. Bake in the pre-heated oven for 25 minutes. Wash and dry the spatula. Remove baking sheet. Use the spatula to separate the seeds into large sections so you can turn them over to bake on the other side. At this point you can taste to see if the salt amount is to your liking. If not, sprinkle with\'a0 more salt before putting back in the oven. Bake seeds for another 3 minutes. Take baking sheet out of the oven and let cool to room temperature. Use your hands to separate seeds and serve.\
Enjoy!\
}