{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Tahoma;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red62\green62\blue62;\red34\green34\blue34;\red51\green51\blue51;
}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16320\viewh19420\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl520\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs58 \cf2 Sweet and Spicy Candied Pecans I\

\f1\fs22 \cf3 \kerning1\expnd4\expndtw20
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa360\ql\qnatural

\f2\b\fs42 \cf4 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Ingredients:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl360\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0 \cf4 {\listtext	\'95	}2 cups pecan pieces or halves\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tbsp butter\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 tbsp dark brown sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 tsp ground cinnamon\
{\listtext	\'95	}3/4 tsp ground cayenne pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}1.5 tbsp real maple syrup\
{\listtext	\'95	}1.5 tsp kosher salt\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa360\ql\qnatural

\b \cf4 Preparation:\
1.
\b0  Preheat the oven to 350 degrees. Prepare a baking sheet by lining it with aluminum foil and spraying the foil with nonstick cooking spray.\

\b 2.
\b0  Spread the pecans on the baking sheet and toast them in the oven until dark and fragrant, about 10 minutes. Stir every 3 or 4 minutes.\

\b 3.
\b0  While the pecans are toasting, prepare the coating mixture. Microwave the butter in a large microwave-safe bowl until melted. Stir in the brown sugar, maple syrup, cinnamon, salt, and cayenne.\

\b 4.
\b0  Once the pecans are fragrant, remove them from the oven and pour the hot nuts into the coating mixture. (Be careful as it might splutter and hiss.) Stir until the nuts are evenly coated, and pour them back onto the foil-lined baking sheet and spread them in an even layer.\

\b 5.
\b0  Bake for another 10 minutes, stirring after every 3-4 minutes. After 10 minutes, remove the nuts from the oven and allow them to cool and crisp up on the baking sheet.\

\b 6.
\b0  Once cool, break the nuts apart or chop them coarsely. Store Sweet and Spicy Candied Pecans in an airtight container at room temperature for up to a week.}