{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Black Bean Enchiladas\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs32 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 8 enchiladas\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs36 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 (10-ounce) can enchilada sauce\
{\listtext	\'95	}8 corn tortillas\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup leftover black bean burger mixture\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup shredded Cheddar\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 Click {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodnetwork.com/food/recipes_and_cooking/channel/0,1000011,FOOD_32086_20163,00.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 here}} to see how she does it.\
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.\
Pour half the of the enchilada sauce into the bottom of a baking dish.\
Warm tortillas by wrapping in a damp paper towel and heating in microwave for 45 seconds or until soft and pliable.\
Place 2 tablespoons of {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodnetwork.com/recipes/sandra-lee/black-bean-burgers-recipe/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 black bean burger mixture}} onto the bottom third of a tortilla. Roll the tortilla up and place seam side down into the baking dish. Repeat with remaining black bean burger mixture and tortillas. Pour the remaining enchilada sauce over the filled tortillas. Top with the Cheddar and bake in the preheated oven for 15 to 20 minutes or until the cheese is browned and bubbly.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Black Bean Burgers:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1/2 medium yellow onion, roughly chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon chopped garlic\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 (15-ounce) cans black beans, rinsed and drained, divided\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons freshly chopped cilantro leaves\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 teaspoons freshly chopped parsley leaves\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 egg\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon red pepper flakes\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup bread crumbs\
{\listtext	\'95	}Salt and fresh ground black pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 hamburger rolls\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Optional Toppings:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls3\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 tomato, sliced\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 small Romaine lettuce leaves, or any other type you have on hand\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup ketchup\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Heat a grill or grill pan over medium-low heat.\
In a food processor, pulse onion and garlic until finely chopped. Add 1 can black beans, cilantro, parsley, egg, and red pepper flakes and pulse to combine.\
Transfer mixture to a large mixing bowl, add the remaining can of black beans and the bread crumbs. Season with salt and pepper, to taste, and mix until well combined.\
Reserve 1/3 of the black bean mixture for Round 2 Recipe. Divide remaining mixture into 4 portions and form into patties. Place on hot oiled grill over medium-low heat and cook about 6 minutes a side or until heated through. Toast hamburger buns on a grill. Place a burger on the bottom of each bun. Top with lettuce, tomato and ketchup. Cover the burgers with the top of the bun and serve.\
Use the leftovers from this recipe in {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodnetwork.com/recipes/sandra-lee/web-exclusive-round-2-recipe-black-bean-enchiladas-recipe/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Black Bean Enchiladas}}.\
}