{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14860\viewh14180\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs54 \cf0 Eggplant Parmesan I\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs34 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 8 to 12 servings\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs38 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Roasted Red Pepper Tomato Sauce:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs46 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}3 tablespoons {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/olive-oil/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 olive oil}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 large yellow {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/onion/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 onion}}, coarsely chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/garlic/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cloves garlic}}, coarsely chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/red-pepper-flakes/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 red pepper flakes}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 roasted red peppers, peeled, seeded and chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 (28-ounce) cans {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/plum-tomato/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 plum tomatoes}} and their juices, crushed with your hands\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 (28-ounce) can crushed tomatoes\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 tablespoons freshly chopped {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/parsley/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 flat-leaf parsley}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 tablespoons freshly chopped basil leaves\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon freshly chopped oregano leaves\
{\listtext	\'95	}Salt and freshly ground black pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}Honey, to taste\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 Eggplant:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs46 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}5 cups fresh dried {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/breadcrumbs/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 breadcrumbs}} (made from dried day-old bread)\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/butter/index.html"}}{\fldrslt Butter}}\cf0 , for greasing the dish\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 tablespoons finely chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/oregano/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 oregano}} leaves\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/thyme/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 thyme}} leaves\
{\listtext	\'95	}Salt and freshly ground black pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}6 large eggs, beaten\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons water\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 to 3 medium {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/eggplant/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 eggplants}} (about 2 1/4-pounds), cut into 1/2-inch-thick round slices (need about 18 slices)\
\ls2\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/flour/index.html"}}{\fldrslt All-purpose flour}}\cf0 , for dredging\
\ls2\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/vegetable-oils/index.html"}}{\fldrslt Vegetable oil}}\cf0 , for frying\
{\listtext	\'95	}Roasted Red Pepper Tomato Sauce\
{\listtext	\'95	}12 ounces grated mozzarella (not fresh), plus1/2 pound fresh mozzarella, thinly sliced\
{\listtext	\'95	}12 ounces grated {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/fontina/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 fontina}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}3/4 cup grated {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/pecorino/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Pecorino}} Romano\
{\listtext	\'95	}Fresh basil leaves, torn\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 For the Roasted Red Pepper {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/tomato-sauce/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Tomato Sauce}}:\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs46 \cf0 Heat the oil in a large {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/dutch-oven/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Dutch oven}} over medium-high heat. Add the onion and cook until soft. Add the garlic and red pepper flakes and cook for 1 minute. Add the red peppers and cook for 1 minute.\
Add the tomatoes, bring to a boil and cook, stirring occasionally, until thickened, about 25 to 30 minutes. Transfer the mixture to a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/food-processor/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 food processor}} and process until smooth. Return the mixture back to the pot, add the parsley, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/basil/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 basil}} and oregano and season with salt and pepper. Cook for 10 minutes longer and season with {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/honey/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 honey}}, if needed.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 For the Eggplant:\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 To dry out the bread crumbs:\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs46 \cf0 Preheat the oven to 300 degree F.\
Evenly spread the bread crumbs on a large baking sheet and place in the oven. Bake for 5 minutes, turn the oven off and let the bread crumbs sit in the oven for 30 minutes or until just dry.\
Raise the temperature of the oven up to 400 degrees F. Lightly butter the bottom and sides of a 15 by 10 by 2-inch {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cookware-and-bakeware-materials/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 baking dish}} and set aside.\
Place the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/breadcrumbs/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 bread crumbs}} into a large shallow bowl. Add the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/herbs/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 herbs}}, 1 1/2 teaspoons salt and 1/2 teaspoon of pepper. In another medium shallow bowl, whisk the eggs and 2 tablespoons of water together.\
Season each eggplant slice on both sides with salt and pepper. Dredge each eggplant slice in the flour, tapping off excess, then dip it in the egg, and finally {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/dredge/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 dredge}} it in the bread crumb mixture. Shake off any excess {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/breading/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 breading}} and transfer the egg plant to a baking sheet. Repeat with the remaining eggplant.\
Heat 1/2-inch of oil in 2 large straight-sided saute pans over medium heat until the oil reaches a temperature of 385 degrees F. Working in small batches, fry a few of the eggplant slices, turning once, until golden brown, about 3 minutes per batch. Using tongs, transfer to a paper towel-lined baking sheet. Repeat with the remaining eggplant.\
Cover the bottom of the prepared baking dish with some of the tomato sauce and arrange 1/2 of the eggplant over the sauce. Cover the eggplant with some of the sauce, grated {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/mozzarella/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 mozzarella}}, fontina, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/romano/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Romano cheese}} and some of the basil. Repeat to make 3 layers ending with the sauce. Top with the fresh mozzarella and remaining Romano and bake until hot and just beginning to brown, about 30 minutes. Let rest 10 minutes before serving.\
\
}