{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww18680\viewh20240\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Wild Mushroom Risotto
\f1\b0\fs42 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Serves: 6 servings\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl300\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1-ounce dried {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/morel/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 morel}} mushrooms\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 pound fresh porcini or cremini mushrooms\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 cups {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/stock/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 chicken stock}}, preferably homemade\
{\listtext	\'95	}6 tablespoons (3/4 stick) unsalted butter\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 ounces {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/pancetta/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 pancetta}}, diced\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup chopped shallots (3 shallots)\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 cups {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/arborio-rice/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Arborio rice}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup dry white wine\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon saffron threads\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/salt/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 kosher salt}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}2/3 cup freshly grated Parmesan {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cheese/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cheese}}, plus extra for serving\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 Place the dried morels in a bowl and pour 2 cups boiling water over them. Set aside for 30 minutes. Scoop the morels from the water with a slotted spoon, reserving the liquid. You should have 2 cups; if not, add water to make 2 cups. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/drain/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Drain}} the morels and rinse once more. If some of the mushrooms are large, cut into 2 or 3 pieces. Pour the mushroom liquid through a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/coffee/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 coffee}} {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/filter/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 filter}} or paper towel, discarding the gritty solids. Set the mushrooms and the liquid aside separately.\
Meanwhile, remove and discard the stems of the porcini and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/rub/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 rub}} any dirt off the caps with a damp paper towel. Dont rinse them! Slice thickly and set aside.\
In a small {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/saucepan/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 saucepan}}, heat the chicken stock with the 2 cups of reserved {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/mushroom/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 mushroom}} liquid and bring to a simmer.\
In a heavy-bottomed pot or {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/dutch-oven/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Dutch oven}}, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/melt/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 melt}} the butter and saute the pancetta and shallots over medium-low heat for 5 minutes. Add the morels and porcini and saute for another 5 minutes. Add the rice and stir to coat the grains with butter. Add the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/wine/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 wine}} and cook for 2 minutes. Add 2 full ladles of the chicken stock mixture to the rice plus the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/saffron/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 saffron}}, salt, and pepper. Stir and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/simmer/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 simmer}} over low heat until the stock is absorbed, 5 to 10 minutes. Continue to add the stock mixture, 2 ladles at a time, stirring every few minutes. Each time, cook until the mixture seems a little dry before adding more of the stock mixture. Continue until the rice is cooked through, but still {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/al-dente/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 al dente}}, about 25 to 30 minutes total. When done, the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/risotto/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 risotto}} should be thick and creamy and not at all dry. Off the heat, stir in the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/parmesan/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Parmesan}} cheese. Serve hot in bowls with extra cheese.\
}