{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14200\viewh15760\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Arthur Avenue Burger\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs32 \cf2 Serves:\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf0 4 servings\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs36 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 In a city full of Italian restaurants and specialty shops, Arthur Avenue in the Bronx is where you'll find New York City's most authentic Southern Italian fare. With its generations-old mom-and-pop businesses, this area of town seems as though it is stuck in a time warp-and I mean that in the most positive way possible. Arthur Avenue is the place to go when you want the real deal, from great eggplant Parmesan to baked ziti to mouth-watering Italian sandwiches. This burger, with its crispy frico made from nutty Fontina cheese, and a garlic- and chile-infused ketchup, is my ode to that famous neighborhood.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Fra Diavolo Ketchup:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon olive oil\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 cloves {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/garlic/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 garlic}}, finely chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 teaspoon red {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/chile/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 chile}} flakes\
{\listtext	\'95	}3/4 cup ketchup\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 teaspoons finely chopped fresh oregano leaves\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 teaspoons red {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/wine/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 wine}} vinegar\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/basil/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 basil}} leaves\
{\listtext	\'95	}Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/fontina/index.html"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\b\fs44 \cf2 Fontina}}
\f0\b\fs44  Fricos:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 cup grated fontina cheese, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/parmesan/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 parmesan}}, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/asiago/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 asiago}}, or a combination of any or all\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 teaspoons all-purpose flour\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Burgers:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls3\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 pounds ground {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/chuck/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 chuck}} (80 percent lean) or ground {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/turkey/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 turkey}} (90 percent lean)\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls3\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/salt/index.html"}}{\fldrslt Kosher salt}}\cf0  and freshly ground black pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 tablespoons {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/canola-oil/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 canola oil}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/ciabatta/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 ciabatta}} rolls or {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sesame-seed/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 sesame seed}} {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/hamburger/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 hamburger}} buns, split; toasted, if desired (see below)\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 handful of baby {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/arugula/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 arugula}} leaves\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 To make the ketchup, heat the oil in a small nonreactive {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/saucepan/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 saucepan}} over medium heat. Add the garlic and chile flakes and cook for 1 minute. Add the ketchup and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/oregano/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 oregano}} and cook for 2 minutes. Remove from the heat and stir in the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/vinegar/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 vinegar}} and basil and season with salt and pepper. Transfer to a bowl and let cool to room temperature or cover and refrigerate for up to 1 day. Bring to room temperature before serving.\
\
To make the fricos, combine the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cheese/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cheese}} and flour in a bowl. Heat an 8-inch nonstick pan over medium-high heat. Add 3 tablespoons of the cheese mixture and cook until light brown on the bottom. Turn over with a heat-{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/proof/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 proof}} silicone {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/spatula/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 spatula}} and continue cooking for another 10 to 15 seconds. Remove to a plate to cool. Wipe out the pan with a paper towel and repeat to make 3 more fricos.\
\
Divide the meat into 4 equal portions (about 6 ounces each). Form each portion loosely into a 3/4-inch-thick burger and make a deep depression in the center with your thumb. Season both sides of each burger with salt and pepper. Cook the burgers, using the oil. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodnetwork.com/recipes/bobby-flay/perfect-burger-recipe/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 See how Bobby cooks perfect burgers}}\
\
Place the burgers on the bun bottoms. Add some of the arugula to each burger, top with the fricos, and then add a dollop of the ketchup. Top with the bun tops and serve immediately.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 Toasted Burger Buns
\b0 \
I think the taste and the texture of buns are best when lightly toasted. To toast a bun on a grill, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/grill-pan/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 grill pan}}, or {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/griddle/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 griddle}}, split the bun open, place it cut side down on the grill, and grill until light golden brown, about 10 seconds. Alternatively, you can place the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/split/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 split}} bun halves cut side up on a baking sheet and cook them under a preheated broiler until light golden brown, about 30 seconds. Keep a close eye on them and don't let them get too brown or else that texture will take on a life of its own and defeat the purpose of starting with a soft bun.}