{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Basil Turkey Sliders\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs32 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 18 sliders\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}Nonstick cooking spray\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 pounds ground turkey\
{\listtext	\'95	}One 1-ounce package fresh basil, finely chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon minced garlic (about 3 cloves)\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoons pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/3 cup mayonnaise\
{\listtext	\'95	}Roasted Red Pepper Mayonnaise, recipe follows\
{\listtext	\'95	}18 buttered and toasted slider buns\
{\listtext	\'95	}Shredded lettuce\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 Spray a large skillet with nonstick cooking spray over medium heat.\
In a large bowl, combine the ground turkey, basil, garlic, salt and pepper. Add the mayonnaise, stirring to combine. Shape the mixture into eighteen 2-inch-size patties.\
When the skillet is hot, add the turkey sliders in batches, and cook until done all the way through, 4 to 5 minutes per side. Spread desired amount of Roasted Red Pepper Mayonnaise onto the buns. Top the bottom halves of the buns with desired amount of shredded lettuce. Top each with 1 turkey slider. Cover with the top halves of the buns. Serve immediately.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Roasted Red Pepper Mayonnaise:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup mayonnaise\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon Dijon mustard\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon minced garlic\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/3 cup chopped roasted red peppers, drained well\
{\listtext	\'95	}Salt and pepper\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 In a small bowl, combine the mayonnaise, mustard and garlic. Stir in the peppers and season with salt and pepper. Cover and chill.}