{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14320\viewh15780\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs50 \cf0 Basil Burger\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs30 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 4 servings\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 1/4 pounds ground beef (80-percent lean)\
{\listtext	\'95	}Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon vegetable oil\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup shredded mozzarella\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 English muffins, halved horizontally and toasted\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tomato, sliced and lightly salted\
{\listtext	\'95	}Perfect Basil Sauce, recipe follows\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons grated Parmesan\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 Quarter the beef into even portions. Form into burgers, indenting the middle slightly with your thumb. Season with salt and pepper, and brush lightly with vegetable oil. Cook on a hot grill until charred on the outside and pink on the inside, about 4 minutes per side. Two minutes before removing the burgers, top the burgers with the mozzarella cheese.\
\
Place the toasted muffins on a serving platter. Place the tomato slices on the bottom, and top each with cooked patties. Spread a tablespoon or two of the basil sauce on each bun top and sprinkle with a little Parmesan cheese. Serve extra basil sauce on the side for dipping.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Basil Sauce:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 green onion, chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 tablespoons roughly chopped fresh basil\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 large clove garlic, minced\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup prepared mayonnaise\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 tablespoons sour cream\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce\
{\listtext	\'95	}Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Blend the green onion, basil, garlic, mayonnaise, sour cream, and Worcestershire sauce in a blender until creamy and pale green. Taste the sauce and season with salt and pepper, if needed.
\f0\b\fs58 \
}