{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f2\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;\red0\green0\blue128;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13060\viewh15420\viewkind0
\deftab1134
\pard\pardeftab1134\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 Beans (Bacon, Brown Sugar and Bourbon)\
\pard\pardeftab1134\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs28 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 8 servings\
\pard\pardeftab1134\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs32 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab1134\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs46 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab1134\li720\fi-720\ri-612\sl400\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0 \cf0 1 pound dried navy beans, soaked overnight in a large bowl of water\
1 cup packed dark brown {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sugar/index.html"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs38 \cf3 \ul \ulc0 sugar}}
\f2\fs38 \
\pard\pardeftab1134\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs46 \cf0 1/2 cup stone-ground or spicy {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/dijon-mustard/index.html"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs38 \cf3 \ul \ulc0 Dijon mustard}}
\f2\fs38 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab1134\li720\fi-720\ri-612\sl400\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs46 \cf0 1 1/4 cups water\
\pard\pardeftab1134\ql\qnatural
\cf0 2/3 cup bourbon
\f2\fs38 \

\f1\fs46 4 ounces slab bacon, rind removed and diced
\f2\fs38 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab1134\li720\fi-720\ri-612\sl400\ql\qnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/salt/index.html"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1 \cf3 \ul \ulc0 Kosher salt}}
\f1\fs46 \cf2   and freshly cracked black pepper
\f2\fs38 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab1134\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs46 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab1134\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/drain/index.html"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1\b0\fs38 \cf3 \ul \ulc0 Drain}}
\f1\b0 \cf2   the beans and set aside. In a bowl, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/whisk/index.html"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs38 \cf3 \ul \ulc0 whisk}}  together the brown sugar, mustard, water, and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/bourbon/index.html"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs38 \cf3 \ul \ulc0 bourbon}}  until the sugar is dissolved. Set aside.
\f2\fs38 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab1134\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs46 \cf0 \
Cook the bacon until {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/crisp/index.html"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs38 \cf3 \ul \ulc0 crisp}}\cf2   in a large {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/dutch-oven/index.html"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs38 \cf3 \ul \ulc0 Dutch oven}}  over medium heat. Remove the bacon and all but a couple of tablespoons of the bacon {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/grease/index.html"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs38 \cf3 \ul \ulc0 grease}} . Add the drained beans to the pot and stir in the bourbon sauce mixture. Bring the beans to a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/boil/index.html"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs38 \cf3 \ul \ulc0 boil}} , then reduce the heat to low to maintain a gentle {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/simmer/index.html"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs38 \cf3 \ul \ulc0 simmer}} . Cover and cook the beans, stirring every 20 minutes, until the beans are soft and the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sauce/index.html"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs38 \cf3 \ul \ulc0 sauce}}  is very thick, about 4 hours. Once the beans are cooked, season them with salt and pepper, to taste. Stir in the cooked bacon and cook, covered, an additional 15 to 20 minutes. Transfer the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/beans/index.html"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs38 \cf3 \ul \ulc0 beans}}  to a serving bowl and serve warm.
\f2\fs38 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab1134\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs46 \cf0 Notes\
\pard\pardeftab1134\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0 \cf0 If the beans get too dry, add water, 1/4 cup at a time. If the beans are too wet and runny, remove the lid and cook, stirring often, until desired consistency is reached.\
\pard\pardeftab1134\ql\qnatural

\f2 \cf0 \

\fs38 \
\
}