{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16620\viewh18600\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Brats and Beans Supreme
\f1\b0\fs32 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\b \cf2 Serves: 
\b0 \cf0 4 servings\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs30 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs50 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs48 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}6 brats, sliced into thirds (about 2-inch pieces)\
{\listtext	\'95	}8 slices lean, good quality smoky bacon\
{\listtext	\'95	}Extra-virgin olive oil, for drizzling\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 (16 to 18-ounce) cans good quality baked beans\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 large cloves garlic, finely chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 large shallot, finely chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}Coarse black pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup Worcestershire sauce or steak sauce (recommended: Lea and Perrin's thick Worcestershire Sauce)\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 red chile peppers\
{\listtext	\'95	}Small bunch thin scallions, whites and greens thinly sliced on an angle\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 sprigs fresh thyme and/or fresh marjoram, finely chopped\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs50 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs48 \cf0 Simmer sausages in shallow boiling water to heat through, drain and wipe out, return to stove.\
While the sausages simmer, slice the bacon into 1/2-inch wide batons. Add a drizzle of olive oil to the pan and heat over medium-high heat. Thick cut the brats on an angle and add them to the skillet and sear at the edges, remove the sausages and add the bacon and render until almost crisp but not-quite. Remove the bacon from the skillet to paper towel to cool but reserve the drippings.\
In a casserole dish, stir together the beans, garlic, and shallots and season with lots of coarse black pepper. Smooth out in the dish and wipe down the sides of the dish. Nestle the chunks of brats into the beans, arranging them all around the casserole and allowing them to peek up and out a bit. Dot the beans with thick Worcestershire sauce. Scatter the chiles and scallions and herbs over top of the casserole. Scatter the bacon over top. \
Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.\
Bake the casserole in a hot oven on a baking sheet liner until the top surface is crispy in spots and bubbly all over.\
}