{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Burger with Gruyere, Ham, and Pickled Onions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs32 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 2 burgers\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs36 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural

\fs36 \cf0 Pickled Onions:
\fs44 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/vinegar/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 red wine vinegar}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup water\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 shakes hot sauce (recommended: Tabasco)\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 small red onion, sliced thin (preferably on mandolin)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 Burger Mix:
\fs44 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}12 ounces {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/beef/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 ground beef}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup ham, cut into 1/4-inch dice\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup grated {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/parmigiano-reggiano/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Parmigiano-Reggiano}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup Gruyere, cut into 1/4-inch dice\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 large {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/garlic/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 clove garlic}}, smashed and finely chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}Kosher salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 slices Gruyere\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sesame-seed/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 sesame seed}} buns\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/mayonnaise/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 mayonnaise}} mixed with 1/2 teaspoon garlic powder\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 slices {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/tomato/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 beefsteak tomato}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup baby arugula, washed\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 For the pickled onions: Combine the salt, sugar, vinegar, water, and hot sauce in a container with a lid. Shake to incorporate everything really well. Add the onions and let sit for at least 30 minutes.\
For the burger: Preheat the grill. Combine all the burger ingredients and season well with salt. Form into 2 equal patties. Grill each burger for about 4 minutes on each side. During the last 2 minutes of grill time, top each burger with a slice of cheese.\
Open the buns and place the inside on the grill, and grill until the bun is lightly toasted, about 1 minute.\
To assemble: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/schmear/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Schmear}} the inside of each toasted bun with the garlic mayo. Place the burger patty on the bottom bun. Top each burger with a few pickled onions, a tomato slice, and some {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/arugula/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 arugula}}. Top with the top half of the bun.\
}