{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww22180\viewh20240\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs46 \cf0 Chili Burgers with Smoky Barbecue Sauce with Oil and Vinegar Slaw\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs26 \cf2 Serves: 
\b0 \cf0 12 sliders, serves 6\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs30 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs42 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 BBQ Sauce:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs40 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 cup ketchup\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 large garlic cloves, finely chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons dark brown sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons dark amber maple syrup\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 tablespoons cider vinegar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon smoked sweet paprika, 1/3 palmful\
{\listtext	\'95	}Coarsely ground black pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs42 \cf0 Oil and Vinegar Slaw:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs40 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}3 tablespoons cider vinegar\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons honey or agave\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 tablespoons vegetable oil\
{\listtext	\'95	}Celery salt and freshly ground black pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 pound shredded cabbage slaw salad mix with carrot and purple cabbage\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 small red onion, very thinly sliced\
{\listtext	\'95	}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs42 \cf0 Chili Sliders:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls3\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs40 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}2 pounds ground sirloin\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup grated onion\
{\listtext	\'95	}Montreal steak seasoning (recommended: McCormick) or coarse salt and black pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup Worcestershire sauce\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon dried marjoram or Mexican oregano, 1/3 palmful\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon dried thyme\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons ancho chili powder, a palmful,\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup beer (recommended: Brooklyn Ale)\
{\listtext	\'95	}Vegetable oil or olive oil, for drizzling\
{\listtext	\'95	}Sliced yellow sharp Cheddar, optional\
{\listtext	\'95	}Good quality jarred refrigerated pickle slices\
{\listtext	\'95	}12 slider rolls or brioche rolls (recommended: Pepperidge Farm)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs42 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs40 \cf0 Put all the ingredients for the barbecue sauce in small pot and cook over medium-low heat until the sauce thickens and the flavors combine, about for 20 minutes.\
\
Whisk together the vinegar, honey and oil, in a medium bowl. Stir in the celery salt and black pepper, to taste. Add the slaw mix and onions and toss together. Let the salad wilt up to 10 to 15 minutes.\
\
Preheat a grill or griddle to medium.\
Put the meat in a bowl with the grated onion and season with steak seasoning or salt and pepper, to taste. In a small bowl combine the Worcestershire with the herbs, chili powder and beer. Pour the herb mixture over the meat and mix thoroughly. Form the meat mixture into 12 sliders and drizzle with vegetable oil or olive oil. Put the burgers on the grill or griddle and cook for a few minutes on each side. Baste the burgers liberally with barbecue sauce. Top the burgers with Cheddar and let it melt, if you prefer cheese burgers.\
\
Serve the burgers on slider rolls topped with pickle slices and the slaw.\
}