{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red61\green61\blue61;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11280\viewh12220\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl500\sa80\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs42 \cf2 Green Chile Burger with Crunchy Avocado Salad\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs22 \cf2 Yield: 
\b0 4 servings\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs42 \cf2 Ingredients
\fs48 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl420\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs38 \cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}3 poblano chiles\
{\listtext	\'95	}Canola oil\
{\listtext	\'95	}Salt and freshly ground black pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}24 ounces ground chuck, 80/20\
{\listtext	\'95	}8 thin slices aged provolone cheese\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 sesame seed buns, sliced in 1/2\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs42 \cf2 Directions
\fs48 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa180\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs38 \cf2 Heat the grill to high.\
Brush the chiles with oil and season with salt and pepper. Grill until blistered on all sides and soft, about 12 minutes. Remove the chiles from the grill, place in a bowl, cover with plastic wrap and let sit 15 minutes. Peel, stem and seed the chiles. Slice the chiles and set aside.\
Make 4 loosely-packed burger patties by tossing some of the meat from hand to hand. press your thumb into the center of each patty to make a little well. (At this point, you can chill or even freeze the burgers briefly so that they hold their shapes better when cooked.) Brush with oil and season with salt and pepper. Grill until slightly charred on both sides and cooked to medium doneness, about 8 minutes. Top each burger with 2 slices of cheese, close the cover of the grill and continue cooking for about 30 seconds or until the cheese just melts. Put the buns on the grill, cut side down and grill until slightly charred, about 15 seconds. Place the burgers on the bottom half, put a few slices of the poblano on top of the cheese and cover with the burger tops.
\f0\b\fs54 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-1780\sl500\sa80\ql\qnatural

\fs42 \cf2 Crunchy Avocado Salad
\f1\b0\fs22 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs40 \cf2 Ingredients
\fs48 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl420\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs38 \cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}2 ripe avocados, peeled, pitted and diced\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 ripe beefsteak tomatoes, diced\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup pitted nicoise olives, roughly chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup canned chickpeas, drained, rinsed and drained again\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons roughly torn flat-leaf parsley\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup champagne vinegar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon ground cumin\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon smoked paprika\
{\listtext	\'95	}Salt and freshly ground black pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 ounces blue corn tortilla chips\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs40 \cf2 Directions
\fs48 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa180\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs38 \cf2 Gently toss the avocados, tomatoes, olives, chickpeas, parsley, vinegar, olive oil, cumin, paprika, salt and pepper in a large bowl. Crumble the chips over the top and serve.\
}