{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww20860\viewh20240\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs50 \cf0 Niman Ranch Burgers
\f1\b0\fs30 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\b \cf2 Serves: 
\b0 \cf0 6 servings\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}2 pounds ground Niman Ranch beef or other grass-fed premium beef (80 percent lean and 20 percent fat)\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon good {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/dijon-mustard/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Dijon mustard}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 tablespoons good olive oil, plus extra for brushing the grill\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/salt/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 kosher salt}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 sandwich-size English muffins, halved\
{\listtext	\'95	}Good mayonnaise\
{\listtext	\'95	}Caramelized Onions, recipe follows\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 Build a charcoal fire or heat a gas grill.\
Place the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/ground-beef/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 ground beef}} in a large bowl and add the mustard, olive oil, salt, and pepper. Mix gently with a fork to combine, taking care not to compress the ingredients. Shape the meat into 6 (3 1/2-inch) patties of equal size and thickness.\
When the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/grill/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 grill}} is medium-hot, brush the grill {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/grate/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 grate}} with oil to keep the burgers from sticking. Place the burgers on the grill and cook for 4 minutes. Using a big {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/spatula/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 spatula}}, turn the burgers and cook for another 3 to 4 minutes, until medium-rare or more, or cook longer if you prefer hamburgers more well done.\
Meanwhile, break apart the English muffins and toast the 6 halves cut side down on the grill. Spread each half with {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/mayonnaise/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 mayonnaise}} and top with a burger and then with a heaping tablespoon of caramelized onions. Serve hot.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Caramelized Onions:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons good olive oil\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons unsalted butter\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 pounds yellow onions, peeled and sliced in half-rounds\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon fresh thyme leaves\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sherry/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 sherry}} {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/wine/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 wine}} vinegar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon kosher salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Heat the olive oil and butter in a large shallow pot, add the onions and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/thyme/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 thyme}}, and toss with the oil. Place the lid on top and cook over medium-low heat for about 10 minutes {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sweat-to/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 to sweat}} the onions. Remove the lid and continue to cook over medium-low heat, stirring occasionally, for 25 to 30 minutes, until the onions are caramelized and golden brown. If the onions are cooking too fast, lower the heat. Add the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/vinegar/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 vinegar}}, salt, and pepper and cook for 2 more minutes, scraping the brown bits from the pan. Season to taste (they should be very highly seasoned).\
\
\
}