{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid4}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17120\viewh17640\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Northern Italian Trattoria Burger
\f1\b0\fs32 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\b \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 4 burgers\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs36 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Italian Herb Butter:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons chopped fresh Italian parsley leaves\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons chopped fresh {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/basil/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 basil}} leaves\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/8 teaspoon fresh {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/thyme/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 thyme}} leaves\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons chopped shallot\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/clove/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 clove}} garlic, chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 tablespoons fresh {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/lemon/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 lemon}} juice\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 tablespoon {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/dijon-mustard/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Dijon mustard}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 sticks good quality unsalted butter, room temperature\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Frico:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}2/3 cup grated aged {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/montasio/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Montasio}} or {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/asiago/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Asiago}} cheese\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Crispy Speck:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls3\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon olive oil\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 ounces speck (smoked {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/prosciutto/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 prosciutto}}), thinly sliced and finely chopped\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Patties:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls4\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1/4 pound dry, hot capicola ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/coppa/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 coppa}}), thinly sliced and chopped (recommended: Boar's Head)\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls4\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/pinch/index.html"}}{\fldrslt Pinch}}\cf0  fresh rosemary leaves, finely chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/4 pounds ground chuck\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/salt/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 kosher salt}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/8 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}6 ounces shredded fontina cheese\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/potato/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 potato}} buns, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/split/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 split}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 teaspoons toasted pine nuts\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup wild arugula (or baby {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/arugula/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 arugula}}), lightly packed\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 Italian Herb Butter:\
In the bowl of a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/food-processor/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 food processor}}, combine the parsley, basil, thyme, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/shallot/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 shallot}}, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/garlic/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 garlic}}, lemon juice, and Dijon mustard and puree until smooth. Add the butter and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/pulse/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 pulse}} until well combined. Transfer to a small bowl and reserve.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/frico/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Frico}}:\
Heat a large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat. Sprinkle 1/2 of the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cheese/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cheese}} into 2 to circles (approximately 4 1/2-inch in diameter) in the skillet. Cook for 2 minutes. Then carefully flip with a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/spatula/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 spatula}} and cook for another 1 minute. Drain on paper towels. Repeat with remaining 1/2 of the cheese.\
Meanwhile, to make the speck, heat the oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Add the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/speck/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 speck}} and cook until crispy, stirring occasionally, about 5 minutes. Remove from the skillet and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/drain/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 drain}} on paper towels.\
To make the patties, put capicola and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/rosemary/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 rosemary}} in the bowl of a food processor and pulse until finely chopped. In a large mixing bowl, combine the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/capocollo/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 capicola}} mixture, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/chuck/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 chuck}}, salt, and pepper; mix well. Separate the mixture into 4 equal portions and form the portions into patties to fit the size of the buns.\
Heat large skillet or {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/grill-pan/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 grill pan}} over high heat. Add the patties to the skillet and cook for 3 1/2 minutes. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/flip/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Flip}} the burgers and cook for 3 to 4 minutes or to desired doneness. During the last few minutes of cooking, top the burgers with equal amounts of {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/fontina/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 fontina}} cheese and tent with aluminum foil to {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/melt/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 melt}} cheese. Also, during last few minutes of cooking, toast the buns.\
To assemble the burgers, spread a generous amount of Italian Herb Butter on the cut sides of the buns. On each bun bottom, arrange equal amounts of pine {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/nuts/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 nuts}}, Crispy Speck, arugula, a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/patty/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 patty}} topped with cheese, and a Frico. Cover with the bun tops and serve.\
A viewer, who may not be a professional cook, provided this recipe. The Food Network Kitchens chefs cannot make representation as to the results.\
\
}