{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13060\viewh15480\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Perfect Pork Burgers
\f1\b0\fs32 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\b \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 4 burgers\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}5 slices bacon\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 clove garlic, minced\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 pound ground pork\
{\listtext	\'95	}Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 teaspoon dried rubbed sage\
{\listtext	\'95	}Freshly ground pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 potato buns, split\
{\listtext	\'95	}Unsalted butter, softened, for spreading\
{\listtext	\'95	}Coleslaw, for topping\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 Pulse the bacon and garlic in a food processor until coarsely ground.\
Combine the ground pork, 1 teaspoon salt, 1/4 teaspoon pepper and the sage in a large bowl. Add the bacon mixture and gently mix with your hands. Gently form the meat into 4 balls, then lightly press into 4-inch-wide, 1-inch-thick patties. Make a 2-inch-wide indentation in the center of each with your thumb to prevent the burgers from bulging when grilled.\
Preheat a grill to medium high. Season the patties with pepper. Grill, undisturbed, until marked on the bottom, 5 to 6 minutes. Turn and grill until the other side is marked and the patties feel firm, 4 to 6 more minutes. Meanwhile, spread the cut sides of the buns with butter and toast on the grill.\
Serve the patties on the buns; top with coleslaw.}