{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Swiss and Mushroom BBQ Burger\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs32 \cf2 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 6 servings\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Mushroom Topping:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons olive oil\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 shallot, finely chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 pound button mushrooms, sliced\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup Neelys BBQ Sauce\
{\listtext	\'95	}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Burgers:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}2 1/2 pounds ground beef\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 red onion, finely chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 cloves garlic , finely chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}Dash Worcestershire sauce\
{\listtext	\'95	}Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}6 slices Swiss cheese\
{\listtext	\'95	}6 hamburger buns, toasted\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 Preheat the grill to medium-high heat.\
Heat the olive oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Once hot, add the shallot and mushrooms; saute until softened and browned, 4 to 5 minutes. Stir in the BBQ sauce and stir, while cooking, for 1 to 2 minutes more.\
In a large mixing bowl, break up the meat with your hands. Add the chopped onion, garlic, Worcestershire sauce, and salt and pepper. Mix until thoroughly incorporated. Divide the meat into 6 equal balls. Flatten them into patties and use your thumb to create an indent in the center of each burger. Grill the burgers, uncovered, for 4 minutes on the first side. Flip and continue cooking for another 4 minutes for medium. Remove the burger from the grill, place in buns, and immediately top with the Swiss cheese and the hot BBQ mushrooms.\
Cook's Note: The indent in the burger will prevent the burgers from puffing up while you grill them.}