{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red61\green63\blue63;\red71\green155\blue220;\red0\green171\blue189;
\red47\green101\blue14;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid4}
{\list\listtemplateid5\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid5}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}{\listoverride\listid5\listoverridecount0\ls5}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww18400\viewh21320\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa120\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\fs52 \cf2 Vermont Burgers
\b\fs38 \cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa160\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf3 INGREDIENTS\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0 \cf2 Makes 20 (10 turkey, 10 beef).\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b \cf2 		FOR THE TURKEY BURGERS
\b0 \cf2 \
    	1 pound ground white-meat turkey\
		1 pound ground dark-meat turkey\
		1/2 cup fromage blanc or pureed ricotta cheese\
		1/2 cup coarsely chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley\
		2 teaspoons finely chopped fresh sage\
		2 garlic cloves, minced\
		Coarse salt and freshly ground pepper\
		Extra-virgin olive oil, for brushing\
\ls1\ilvl0
\b \cf2 		FOR THE BEEF BURGERS
\b0 \cf2 \
		2 pounds ground beef, preferably grass-fed\
		Coarse salt and freshly ground pepper\
\ls1\ilvl0
\b \cf2 		FOR GRILLING
\b0 \cf2 \
       Vegetable oil, for brushing\
\ls1\ilvl0
\b \cf2 		FOR SERVING
\b0 \cf2 \
		20 hamburger buns, split\
		1 stick unsalted butter, softened\
		\
    	Garnish: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.marthastewart.com/recipe/extra-special-sauce"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 Extra-Special Sauce}}, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.marthastewart.com/recipe/homemade-beer-spring-onion-mustard"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 Homemade Beer-Spring Onion Mustard}}, pickles, thin cheddar cheese slices, lettuce, and tomato slices\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 		
\b \cf3 \
DIRECTIONS\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0 \cf2 		For the turkey burgers: Arrange 10 (4-inch) parchment squares on a tray. Gently mix together turkey, cheese, parsley, sage, garlic, 2 teaspoons salt, and 1 teaspoon pepper. Shape meat into 10 (3-ounce) patties (3 1/2 inches in diameter and 1/2 inch thick). Transfer patties to parchment.\
		For the beef burgers: Shape meat into 10 patties (see turkey burger instructions above).\
		Refrigerate patties for at least 1 hour.\
		    	Heat grill to medium-high; brush grates with vegetable oil.\
		Cook the turkey burgers: Brush tops with olive oil. Flip burgers onto grill, peeling off paper. Grill for 3 minutes. Brush tops with olive oil. Flip, and grill until cooked through, about 2 minutes more.\
		Cook the beef burgers: Season burgers with salt and pepper. Grill for 4 minutes. Flip, and grill until cooked through, 2 to 3 minutes more (6 minutes total for medium-rare, 7 minutes total for medium).\
		To serve burgers: Brush buns with butter, and grill until browning around edges, about 30 seconds. Sandwich burgers between buns, garnished with desired toppings.\
\pard\tx560\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f1\b\fs40 \cf2 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa120\ql\qnatural

\f0\b0\fs52 \cf2 Homemade Beer-Spring Onion Mustard
\fs38 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa160\ql\qnatural

\b \cf3 INGREDIENTS\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf2 Makes about 2 1/2 cups.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf2 		3 tablespoons safflower oil\
		2 1/2 pounds thinly sliced Vidalia onions\
		1/2 cup mustard powder (from 2 containers)\
		1 tablespoon salt\
		1 teaspoon turmeric\
		1/3 cup cider vinegar\
		1 cup pale ale\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
\cf2 	
\b \cf3 \
DIRECTIONS\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural
\ls3\ilvl0
\b0 \cf2 		Heat a large skillet over high heat. Add safflower oil, and swirl to coat. Reduce heat to medium. Cook Vidalia onions, stirring often, until very soft, about 30 minutes. Stir in mustard powder, salt, and turmeric. Cook, stirring often, for 3 minutes. Stir in cider vinegar, and raise heat to high. Add pale ale, and cook, stirring often, until mixture is thick, about 5 minutes. Let cool completely.\
\pard\tx560\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
\cf2 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\fs52 \cf5 Extra-Special Sauce\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa160\ql\qnatural

\b\fs38 \cf3 INGREDIENTS\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf2 Makes 1 1/2 cups.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural
\ls4\ilvl0\cf2 		1 cup ketchup\
		1/2 cup mayonnaise\
		3 tablespoons pickle juice\
		1 tablespoon Asian chili sauce \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
\cf2 	
\b \cf3 \
DIRECTIONS\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural
\ls5\ilvl0
\b0 \cf2 	     Stir together ketchup, mayonnaise, pickle juice, and Asian chili sauce.
\fs52 \cf5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
\cf5 \

\fs38 \cf2 \
\pard\tx560\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
\cf2 \
\
\
}