{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green47\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww22640\viewh20240\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Wild Mushroom-Cheddar Burger\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs32 \cf2 Serves:\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf0 4 servings\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs36 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs46 \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs44 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons olive oil\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon unsalted butter\
{\listtext	\'95	}12 ounces assorted mushrooms (such as cremini, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/lobster/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 lobster}}, chanterelles, and stemmed shiitakes), chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 small shallot, finely diced\
{\listtext	\'95	}Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon chopped fresh {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/thyme/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 thyme}} leaves\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley leaves\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 pounds ground {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/chuck/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 chuck}} (80 percent lean) or ground {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/turkey/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 turkey}} (90 percent lean)\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 tablespoons {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/canola-oil/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 canola oil}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 slices sharp {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cheddar/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cheddar}} {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/cheese/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 cheese}}\cf2  (recommend a sharp Tillamook cheddar) \cf0 \
{\listtext	\'95	}4 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/hamburger/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 hamburger}} buns, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/split/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 split}}; toasted, if desired (see below)\
{\listtext	\'95	}Chipotle Ketchup (optional, recipe follows)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs46 \cf0 Directions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs44 \cf0 Heat the olive oil and butter in a large saute pan over high heat until almost smoking. Add the mushrooms and cook, stirring occasionally, until soft, about 5 minutes. Add the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/shallot/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 shallot}}, season with salt and pepper, and cook until the mushrooms are golden brown, about 5 minutes. Stir in the thyme and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/parsley/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 parsley}} and transfer to a bowl.\
\
Divide the meat into 4 equal portions (about 6 ounces each). Form each portion loosely into a 3/4-inch-thick burger and make a deep depression in the center with your thumb. Season both sides of each burger with salt and pepper.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodnetwork.com/recipes/bobby-flay/perfect-burger-recipe/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Cook the burgers, using the canola oil}} and topping each one with a slice of cheese and a basting cover during the last minute of cooking. \
\
Place the burgers on the bun bottoms and top each burger with chipotle ketchup, if using, and a large spoonful of the mushrooms. Cover with the bun tops and serve immediately.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 Chipotle Ketchup
\b0 \
I love ketchup as much as the next American does, but when I was designing the menu for Bobby's Burger Palace, I knew that I wanted to have a little something extra to offer in the squeeze bottles. The simple addition of pureed chipotle in {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/adobo/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 adobo}} gives prepared ketchup an exciting smoky edge, while still keeping its sweet yet tangy identity intact.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 cup ketchup\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 to 3 tablespoons pureed canned chipotle in adobo (depending on how spicy you prefer it)\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 teaspoon {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/salt/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 kosher salt}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/whisk/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Whisk}} together the ketchup, chipotle, salt, and pepper in a small bowl. Cover and refrigerate for at least 30 minutes to allow the flavors to meld. The {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/sauce/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 sauce}} will keep for 1 week in a tightly sealed container in the refrigerator.\
\
Makes 1 cup\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 Toasted Burger Buns
\b0 \
I think the taste and the texture of buns are best when lightly toasted. To toast a bun on a grill, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/grill-pan/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 grill pan}}, or {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/griddle/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 griddle}}, split the bun open, place it cut side down on the grill, and grill until light golden brown, about 10 seconds. Alternatively, you can place the split bun halves cut side up on a baking sheet and cook them under a preheated broiler until light golden brown, about 30 seconds. Keep a close eye on them and don't let them get too brown or else that texture will take on a life of its own and defeat the purpose of starting with a soft bun.}