{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;\f1\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11580\viewh14240\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 Chocolate & Coffee Liqueur
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs32 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\fs36 \cf0  
\f0 3 cups water \uc0\u8232 
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\fs24 \cf0  
\f0\fs36 4 cups sugar\uc0\u8232 
\f1\fs24 \
 
\f0\fs36 3 generous tablespoons espresso powder
\f1\fs24 \
 
\f0\fs36 1/3 cup cocoa nibs\uc0\u8232 
\f1\fs24 \
 
\f0\fs36 2 tablespoons high-quality vanilla extract\uc0\u8232 
\f1\fs24 \
 
\f0\fs36 2 cups vanilla vodka*
\f1\fs24 \
 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs36 \cf0 Bring water, sugar, espresso powder and cocoa nibs to a boil in a fairly large pot. Simmer on low for 20 minutes. Try not to stir a lot during the simmering process - it foams like crazy when stirred. Hence the need for a fairly large pot.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\fs20 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs36 \cf0 This will thicken to a syrupy consistency.
\f1 \

\f0 After 20 minutes, move the pot off the burner, put on a lid and let it sit until cold, and preferably overnight.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\fs20 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs36 \cf0 After letting this steep, strain the syrup to remove the cocoa nibs using a very fine strainer.  Don't toss the espresso-infused cocoa nibs, use them in cookies or on ice cream.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs20 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs36 \cf0 When you've strained the syrup, mix in the vanilla and vodka, and then pour it into a clean bottle with a tight-fitting lid and let it age for 1 month.  It will taste much better once the flavors have had a chance to mingle and get to know each other. 
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs36 *You can make an alcohol-free coffee-chocolate syrup simply by leaving out the vodka. 
\f1\fs24 \
}