{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red167\green203\blue195;\red128\green128\blue128;\red102\green102\blue102;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12560\viewh14380\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs54 \cf0 HOMEMADE CRANBERRY LIQUEUR
\b0\fs24 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b\fs38 \cf2 INGREDIENTS
\fs28 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\ql\qnatural

\fs42 \cf3 2 cups cranberries
\b0\fs28 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b\fs42 \cf3 1 1/2 cups vodka
\b0\fs28 \cf0 \

\b\fs42 \cf3 1 1/2 cups sugar
\b0\fs28 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
\cf3  
\b\fs42 3/4 cup water
\b0\fs28 \cf0 \
\cf3  
\b\fs42 1/2 lemon or lime peel
\b0\fs28 \cf0 \
\cf3  
\b\fs42 1/4 orange peel
\b0\fs28 \cf0 \
\cf3  
\b\fs42 1 stick cinnamon
\b0\fs28 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b\fs42 \cf3 1/8 tsp. ground allspice
\b0\fs28 \cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b\fs38 \cf2 METHOD
\fs28 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\fs42 \cf3 Chop up the cranberries in a blender or food processor, on the lowest
\b0\fs28 \cf0  
\b\fs42 \cf3 setting, until it's the consistency of grits.
\b0\fs28 \cf0   
\b\fs42 \cf3 Pour into jar.
\b0\fs28 \cf0 \

\b\fs42 \cf3 Using an apple peeler, carefully peel just the rind of the citrus fruits,
\fs46  
\fs42 discarding the white pith from the 1/2 lemon or lime and the 1/4 orange,
\b0\fs28 \cf0  
\b\fs42 \cf3 and put this outer layer of peels in the jar.
\b0\fs28 \cf0 \

\b\fs42 \cf3 Pour vodka in the jar.  Add spices to the mix as well.
\b0\fs28 \cf0 \

\b\fs42 \cf3 Boil sugar and water together; when the sugar is all dissolved, let stand
\fs46  
\fs42 a minute and then measure 1 1/2 cups into the jar.
\b0\fs28 \cf0 \

\b\fs42 \cf3 Seal the jar quickly, lest the alcohol evaporate in the heat. Let the
\fs46  
\fs42 mixture steep for 4 weeks, shaking lightly each day. Store in a dark place.
\b0\fs28 \cf0 \

\b\fs42 \cf3 Strain and filter well with cheese cloth or cloth filter before storing in
\fs46  
\fs42 sealed container.
\b0\fs28 \cf0 \
\

\b\fs42 \cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
\cf2 NOTE: \cf3 Even an, almost, undetectable hint of scent can ruin the liqueur flavor.
\b0\fs28 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b\fs42 \cf3 Wash containers EXTREMELY WELL and dry completely.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs28 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\ql\qnatural

\fs44 \cf4 Cranberry Cosmopolitan: 1/2 cup Cranberry Liqueur, 1/4 cup Cointreau, 2 tablespoons lime juice. Mix with 1 cup crushed ice; strain into martini glass. Makes 2 cocktails.\
}