{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green12\blue242;\red0\green12\blue242;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid4}
{\list\listtemplateid5\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid5}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}{\listoverride\listid5\listoverridecount0\ls5}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15740\viewh20740\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs56 \cf0 Dark Cherry Liqueur I\

\b0\fs50 Step One Ingredients:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 lbs fresh or frozen cherries\
{\listtext	\'95	}Cherry pits from half of the cherries (from 3/4 lb)\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/4 cup sugar (see notes below)\
{\listtext	\'95	}750 ml 80-proof vodka\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Step One Directions:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	1.	}If using fresh cherries, pit the cherries with a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.homebrewunderground.com/equipment/#cherry_pitter"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 cherry pitter}} and save the pits. If using frozen cherries, thaw them first.\
{\listtext	2.	}Put cherries and sugar in 2 Qt. Mason jar.\
{\listtext	3.	}Add vodka then shake thoroughly to dissolve the sugar.\
{\listtext	4.	}Crack open the cherry pits and chop the kernels with a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.homebrewunderground.com/equipment/#chopper"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 chopper}}, then add them to the mixture.\
{\listtext	5.	}Macerate at room temperature for 8 weeks.\
\pard\tx560\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Step Two Ingredients:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural
\ls3\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.homebrewunderground.com/sugar-syrup/#sugar_syrup"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 standard sugar syrup}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Step Two Directions:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural
\ls4\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	1.	}Strain through a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.homebrewunderground.com/equipment/#strainers"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 stainless steel strainer}} to separate cherries from vodka and juice. (see notes below)\
{\listtext	2.	}Squeeze the remaining juice from the separated cherries using cheese cloth. (see notes below)\
{\listtext	3.	}Add the sugar syrup. Vary the amount to sweeten to taste.\
{\listtext	4.	}Age for 2 to 3 months\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Notes:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural
\ls5\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}Use only very ripe, juicy cherries. If cherries are not ripe enough, then let them stand until as ripe and juicy as they can get.\
{\listtext	\'95	}You can use 1 1/2 cups of sugar instead of 1 1/4 cups and possibly skip the addition of standard sugar syrup at step 2. It depends on the sweetness of the fruit. You should always sample the flavor when sweetening.\
{\listtext	\'95	}If you crush the cherries at step one, then macerate for only 4 weeks. This will make a lot of sediment, though, depending on the degree that the cherries are crushed. The finished liqueur will have to stand in a Mason jar for about 4 more weeks to clarify, then you will have to rack off the clarified liqueur before bottling.\
\pard\tx560\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\ql\qnatural

\b\fs54 \cf0 Straining The Liqueur\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs50 \cf0 In this straining step, you need a common kitchen {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.homebrewunderground.com/equipment/#strainers"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 stainless steel strainer}} and some food grade cheese cloth.
\b\fs54 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs50 \cf0 The first step in straining the liqueur is to pour all the contents from the Mason Jar into the strainer over a saucepan or pot. All the cherries will collect in the strainer. Empty the saucepan or pot and pour the juice and vodka mixture into a clean Mason Jar.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Add some of the cherries to a piece of cheesecloth and gently squeeze them so the juice collects in the saucepan or pot:\
\pard\tx560\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 When all the juice has been squeezed out of the cheese cloth, pour it into the Mason Jar. Repeat this process on small batches of the cherries until all the juice is squeezed out.\
\
Now set the Mason Jar aside in a cool place and let it age for 2 to 3 months. During this time, sediments will settle to the bottom of the jar. At some point, rack off the clarified liqueur leaving the "sludge" or "slag" behind in the jar. When the time comes to bottle the liqueur, bottle only the clearest liqueur. This is the best quality. A good explanation of "racking" can be found at {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.guntheranderson.com/liqueurs/filters.htm"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 Gunther Anderson\'92s website on making liqueur}}.\
\pard\tx560\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
}