{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green141\blue167;\red63\green63\blue63;\red51\green51\blue51;
}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww19040\viewh21320\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl700\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs68 \cf0 Ginger Liqueur II
\f1\fs48 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\ql\qnatural
\cf2 Ingredients\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural

\f2\fs50 \cf3 yield: Makes about 2 cups, active time 25 minutes, total time 3 days and 25 minutes\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl360\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\fs54 \cf3 {\listtext	\'95	}2 ounces ginger root\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 vanilla bean\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 cups water\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 orange\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 cups brandy\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural
\cf3 \
Peel the ginger and cut it into thin slices. Split the vanilla bean in half lengthwise.\
Bring the ginger, vanilla, sugar, and water to a boil. Reduce heat to medium-low and simmer until ginger is soft\'97about 20 minutes. Let the syrup cool. Do not strain yet.\
Zest the orange and place the zest only in a sealable glass container along with the syrup and brandy. Seal and shake, then let this mixture steep for one day.\
After one day, remove the vanilla bean and let the mixture steep for an additional day.\
Strain mixture through a coffee filter into your bottle or jar for storage. Let it sit for one more day before using to let flavors mellow.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa220\qj

\f3\fs46 \cf4 Star anise liqueur is the only delicious herbal liqueur which is easy to make. The flavor is similar to Anisette or Sambuca, the color is slightly brown. This liqueur can be made as follows: transfer 3 tbs. of ground star anise to a small glass jar or bottle, add 2 cups of vodka (or alcohol with neutral flavor of 80 proof or 40%). After 2 weeks pour the liquid carefully into another jar leaving the precipitated spices behind. Filter the liquid thru a coffee filter, transfer to a clean bottle, add 1 cup of sugar, and cap the bottle. Invert repeatedly until the sugar has dissolved. Store the liqueur for at least 3 months. You may need to add slightly more alcohol or sugar to adjust the flavor.\
}