{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12120\viewh16820\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs46 \cf0 Homemade Grand Marnier Clone\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs42 \cf0 Ingredients:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}Zest of 8 oranges 	\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 vanilla bean (split and scraped)\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup granulated sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 cups Cognac \
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon liquid vegetable glycerine (Optional,  creates a finished velvety product).\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Wash and peel oranges making sure to avoid the white pith. A vegetable peeler works well.\
Sprinkle about 1/4 cup sugar over the zest in a food processor. Pulse until well incorporated.  Continue pulsing and adding sugar 1/4 cup at a time until the sugar and orange zest are almost paste-like. \
Place Cognac, peels and sugar mixture, and scraped vanilla bean into a clean aging container with tight fitting lid.  \
Cap tightly and age 3 months, shaking weekly, in a cool, dark place. \
After aging 3 months, shake the jar well and pour the mixture through a fine mesh stainless-steel strainer into a bowl or large measuring cup with a spout.\'a0 Discard solids and clean the jar that you used to age the liqueur.  \'a0 \
Filter the liqueur, through a coffee filter, place back into aging jar.\'a0 If using the liquid glycerine, stir it in at this point.\'a0 Cap tightly again and continue aging for an additional 3 months.\
www.foodiewithfamily.com/2010/04/26/homemade-grand-marnier-clone\
\
 
\b\fs52 Homemade Grand Marnier
\b0  \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\fs50 \cf0 {\listtext	
\fs46 \'95	}
\fs50 3         c. cognac \
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2   tsp. pure orange extract \
{\listtext	\'95	}1         c. honey\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2      tsp.glycerine\
{\listtext	\'95	}dash of ground cinnamon and ground coriander\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural
\ls3\ilvl0\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Mix all, steep 3 months.  Filter and bottle.\
\pard\tx560\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\ql\qnatural

\fs64 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\ql\qnatural

\b\fs36 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs42 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs40 \cf0 \
\
}