{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;\f1\fmodern\fcharset0 CourierNewPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green75\blue141;\red115\green115\blue115;\red0\green13\blue255;
}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid4}
{\list\listtemplateid5\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid5}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}{\listoverride\listid5\listoverridecount0\ls5}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14280\viewh20200\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\qj

\f0\b\fs44 \cf2 Homemade Kahlua: Part 1
\b0\fs38 \cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\qj
\cf3 There are many recipes for homemade Kahlua\'ae on the Internet. Some are simple and can be made very quickly using instant coffee and others require more time to make. I decided to make Kahlua (coffee liqueur) and tried a few of the available recipes. I discovered in a very short time that in order to make a good quality coffee liqueur I would have to figure out how to add the coffee flavor without the coffee becoming bitter or without the liqueur becoming too watery. These were the first obstacles to overcome.\
The finished liqueur must be of a certain viscosity and alcohol content. If coffee is brewed in water, then the liqueur will be watery and will have a low alcohol content. You can get around this problem by using instant coffee. I tried several different instant coffees \'96 some freeze dried and others heat dried \'96 and I found that all instant coffee is bitter. There is just no way around it.\
I had the idea that I could simply infuse ground coffee directly into spirit \'96 totally cold \'96 and that was the breakthrough. It worked. By infusing ground coffee directly into the spirits I was able to use any commercially available coffee. Real Kahlua is made from 100% gourmet Arabica coffee beans. I felt that it was necessary to use 100% gourmet Arabica coffee in my recipe as well so I found an online source at {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://store.drsoda.com/fabrcocanmro.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 Dr. Soda}}.\
Real Kahlua also has a unique aroma that comes from cane spirit, which is a cousin of rum. You don\'92t find cane spirit in too many liquor stores, but Bacardi rum is widely available. I found that Bacardi Superior rum does impart an aroma and flavor that is very close to real Kahlua so that is my first choice for the spirit used to make this liqueur.\
Real Kahlua is also made with some caramel so my recipe uses {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.homebrewunderground.com/sugar-syrup/#caramel_syrup"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 standard caramel syrup}} along with some {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.homebrewunderground.com/sugar-syrup/#sugar_syrup"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 standard sugar syrup}}. Real Kahlua is a fairly viscous liqueur so it is necessary to boil down the standard sugar syrup to 90% of its original volume to obtain the desired viscosity. If you use too much caramel, the liqueur will have an undesirable, lingering aftertaste. This recipe calls for the making of a blending stock with the right combination of caramel and sugar syrups to obtain a smooth tasting finished product.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa240\ql\qnatural

\f1 \cf0 Homemade Kahlua\
Infusing Ingredients:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}4 cups rum (Bacardi Superior Light Rum is best but a cheaper brand may also work)\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup Farmer Bros. Medium Roast 100% Gourmet Arabica Coffee\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa240\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Infusing Directions:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	1.	}Combine rum and coffee in a 2 qt. Mason jar. Shake vigorously to thoroughly mix ingredients.\
{\listtext	2.	}Macerate for 4 weeks then strain and filter the contents with a metal coffee filter. Let settle for about 3 to 4 weeks then rack off the clarified part and filter the remainder with paper coffee filters to clarify the infused spirits.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa240\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Blending Ingredients:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\ql\qnatural
\ls3\ilvl0\cf4 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.homebrewunderground.com/sugar-syrup/#caramel_syrup"}}{\fldrslt \ul Standard caramel syrup}}\cf0 \
\ls3\ilvl0\cf4 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.homebrewunderground.com/sugar-syrup/#sugar_syrup"}}{\fldrslt \ul Standard sugar syrup}}\cf0 \
{\listtext	\'95	}Vanilla extract\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa240\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Blending Instructions (sweeten and blend the liqueur):\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\ql\qnatural
\ls4\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	1.	}Make a blending stock using the following proportions:\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sl320\ql\qnatural
\ls4\ilvl1\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}5 oz standard caramel syrup\
{\listtext	\'95	}10 oz standard sugar syrup boiled down to 9 oz. (90% of original volume)\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\ql\qnatural
\ls4\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	2.	}Add blending stock and vanilla extract to the infused spirits according to the following proportions:\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sl320\ql\qnatural
\ls4\ilvl1\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}4 oz infused spirit\
{\listtext	\'95	}6 oz blending stock\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 oz (1 1/2 tsp) vanilla extract\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa240\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Notes:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\ql\qnatural
\ls5\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	1.	}Medium Roast Gourmet Arabica coffee available online from {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://store.drsoda.com/fabrcocanmro.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 Dr. Soda}}.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\qj

\f0\b\fs42 \cf3 Part I \'96 Infusing the Coffee\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\qj

\b0\fs38 \cf3 Bacardi rum will impart a better aroma , but you can use a cheaper brand of rum (e.g. Ron Caballero).\
Measure and add the coffee to the jar, then measure and add the rum.\
When all the ingredients are shaken up it is ready to set aside for maceration. The ratio of rum to coffee is 4 to 1. In this case I added 5 cups rum and 1 1/4 cups of coffee.
\fs52 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj

\b\fs44 \cf2 Homemade Kahlua: Part 2\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\qj

\fs42 \cf3 Part II \'96 Straining After Maceration\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\qj

\b0\fs38 \cf3 Don\'92t shake the jar during the final week of maceration to help rack off the clarified part.\
Strain the infused spirit by CAREFULLY pouring it though a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.homebrewunderground.com/equipment/#metal_coffee_filter"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 metal coffee filter}}. Pour slowly to rack off any clarified part first.\
Allow to strain for about 15 \'96 20 minutes to collect as much infused spirit as possible. Set aside for about 3 to 4 weeks when done.\
\pard\pardeftab720\qj

\b\fs44 \cf2 Homemade Kahlua: Part 3\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\qj

\fs42 \cf3 Part III \'96 Filtering and Clarifying\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\qj

\b0\fs38 \cf3 Allow the infused spirit to clarify and settle for about 3 to 4 weeks, then setup 2 clean Mason jars side by side. Place a paper coffee filter in a coffee filter {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.homebrewunderground.com/equipment/#bunn_funnel"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 funnel}} over the other jar. Slowly and carefully rack off the clarified part into the first jar \'85\
\'85 then pour the remainder through the paper filter in the other jar. You do this to be able to continue pouring slowly without tipping the jar back and mixing up the sediments. If you were to pour straight into the filter, you would have to wait for it to clear to pour the rest out of the jar and there would be too much of a chance you would tip the jar back and mix it up.\
Allow all the spirit to completely filter into the jar.\
There should be a little sediment remaining in the original jar. Discard it.\
\pard\pardeftab720\qj

\b\fs44 \cf2 Homemade Kahlua: Part 4\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\qj

\fs42 \cf3 Part IV \'96 Blending and Bottling\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\qj

\b0\fs38 \cf3 Boil down the standard sugar syrup to 90% of its original volume to thicken it slightly.\
In this case we start with 10 oz of standard sugar syrup. After boiling down we have 9 oz. Add to this 5 oz of caramel syrup. It is necessary to blend the caramel syrup with the boiled down sugar syrup otherwise the boiled down sugar syrup will crystallize if allowed to cool by itself.\
Allow the blending stock to cool completely before adding it to the infused spirit. The point is to avoid the possibility that any of the alcohol will evaporate if it were mixed hot.\
Add the blending stock and vanilla extract to the clarified infused spirits according to these proportions: 4 parts infused spirit, 6 parts blending stock, 1/4th part vanilla extract.\
\pard\pardeftab720\qj

\b \cf3 Share and Enjoy
\fs44 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj
\cf2 \
\
}