{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 CourierNewPS-BoldMT;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\fmodern\fcharset0 CourierNewPSMT;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red58\green58\blue58;\red0\green13\blue255;\red115\green115\blue115;
}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid4}
{\list\listtemplateid5\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid5}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}{\listoverride\listid5\listoverridecount0\ls5}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17400\viewh16980\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa240\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs72 \cf0 Orange \'96 Kumquat Liqueur
\f1\b0\fs76 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa240\ql\qnatural

\f2\fs48 \cf0 Step One Ingredients:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}3 cups Everclear grain alcohol\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup Vodka\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup Brandy\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup dried sweet orange peels\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tbsp dried bitter orange peels\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 lb fresh kumquats \'96 wedged (about 1 1/2 cups)\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 inch cinnamon stick \'96 chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}10 large whole cloves \'96 chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup distilled water to rehydrate the dried orange peels\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa240\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Step One Instructions:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	1.	}Add dried bitter and sweet orange peels to a 2 qt. Mason jar.\
{\listtext	2.	}Cover the dried orange peels with 1 cup distilled water. Allow to soak for about 4 hours until the dried orange peels are rehydrated.\
{\listtext	3.	}Remove the "button" from each of the kumquats (the remnants of the floral calyx).\
{\listtext	4.	}Slice each kumquat into small wedges and add to the jar.\
{\listtext	5.	}Add Everclear, vodka and brandy to the jar.\
{\listtext	6.	}Chop the cinnamon sticks and cloves in a coffee grinder and add to the jar.\
{\listtext	7.	}Shake vigorously to thoroughly mix ingredients.\
{\listtext	8.	}Allow to macerate for 4 weeks, periodically shaking the jar.\
{\listtext	9.	}Do not shake the jar in the final week of maceration to simplify racking and clarification.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa240\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Step Two Ingredients:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\ql\qnatural
\ls3\ilvl0\cf3 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.homebrewunderground.com/sugar-syrup/#sugar_syrup"}}{\fldrslt \ul Standard sugar syrup}}\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa240\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Step Two Instructions:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\ql\qnatural
\ls4\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	1.	}Rack off any clarified part through a metal coffee filter.\
{\listtext	2.	}Let settle for 3 to 4 weeks then rack off the clarified part and filter the remainder with paper coffee filters to clarify the infused spirit.\
{\listtext	3.	}Sweeten with standard sugar syrup with one cup standard sugar syrup per cup of clarified infused spirit.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa240\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Notes:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\ql\qnatural
\ls5\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	1.	}Sweet orange peels and cinnamon sticks obtainable in bulk online from {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.herbproducts.com/"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 Herb Products Co.}}\
{\listtext	2.	}Bitter orange peels obtainable under the "{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.google.com/search?%5Crls=en&q=brewer%27s+garden+bitter+orange+peel"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 Brewer\'92s Garden}}" brand in most homebrew supply stores.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\qj

\f3\b\fs52 \cf4 Step One: Infusion
\b0\fs48 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\qj
\cf4 One of the key ingredients for this homebrew orange liqueur recipe is bitter orange peel. I decided to use it to add contrast to the sweet orange peel and kumquat flavors. Cointreau is also made with bitter orange peels. The point here is to add a little bit of bitterness to the sweet flavors.\
 Bitter orange peel (also called "Cura\'e7ao orange peel", aurantium amarae pericarpium) is available under the brand name "Brewer\'92s Garden", which is available from most homebrew supply stores. This botanical is used for flavoring other popular citrus liqueurs (Triple Sec, Cura\'e7ao and Cointreau) and Belgian Ale.\
Kumquats also lend their sweet and bitter flavors to this liqueur recipe. As a kid when I was growing up, one of our neighbors had a kumquat tree in their backyard and we used to raid the tree and eat them raw when they were ripe and juicy. The kumquat has a natural balance of sweet and bitter. The fruit and pulp is bitter, but the rind is sweet. With most varieties of oranges, the opposite is true. For example, with Navel and Valencia oranges, the fruit and pulp is sweet but the rind is bitter.\
Remove the button from each kumquat then cut them into wedges.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\qj
\cf4 Add sweet and bitter dried orange peels to a clean 2 qt. Mason jar then add 1 cup distilled water. Wait about 4 hours to allow orange peels to rehydrate.\
Add the wedged fruit and other botanicals plus the spirit to the jar with the rehydrated orange peels, then shake vigorously to thoroughly mix all the ingredients. Set aside and allow to macerate for 4 weeks. Periodically shake the jar to mix the ingredients, but don\'92t shake during the last week to facilitate clarification.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\qj

\b\fs52 \cf4 Step Two: Straining, Filtering and Clarifying\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\qj

\b0\fs48 \cf4 Using a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.homebrewunderground.com/equipment/#metal_coffee_filter"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 metal coffee filter}}, carefully pour off any clarified part into a clean 2 qt. Mason jar.\
When all the infused spirit has been poured out, empty the contents of the jar into the filter and let it strain naturally for 10 \'96 15 minutes to recover as much spirit as possible. Discard the strainings afterwards. Normally I would try to press the strainings through a cheesecloth, but in this case these remains are very bitter and cloudy and will only spoil the flavor and clarity.\
Set it aside for 3 to 4 weeks to allow it to clarify. The sediments will settle to the bottom of the jar and you can rack off the clarified part.\
After 3 or 4 weeks the infused spirit should be mostly clarified. At this time carefully rack off the clarified part into a clean 2 qt. Mason jar. You can see the difference. It is totally clarified.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\qj

\b\fs52 \cf4 Sweetening and Blending\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\qj

\b0\fs48 \cf4 Note: Blending a number of batches may produce unexpected results. The batches may become cloudy when blended together. If you have more than one jar to blend, then I strongly suggest that you wait and see if the infused spirit becomes cloudy when you blend the batches. If so, then wait an additional 4 weeks or so the allow the infused spirit to clarify again, then rack off the clarified part, then filter it with paper coffee filters to remove any "sludge."\
Combine one part infused spirit with one part standard sugar syrup. (standard sugar syrup recipe below). It is now ready to bottle and serve.\
\pard\pardeftab720\qc

\fs24 \cf1 Ma\cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\qj

\b\fs46 \cf4 Standard Sugar Syrup:\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\qj

\b0\fs42 \cf4 Standard sugar syrup must not be confused with "{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.homebrewunderground.com/bar-mixers/#simple_syrup"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 Simple Syrup}}". It is similar to simple syrup, but is formulated especially for homemade liqueurs, while simple syrup is strictly a bar mixer used for making cocktails and contains more water than Standard Sugar Syrup. Standard Sugar Syrup could also be called "high viscosity sugar syrup". It is intended to be sweeter and more viscous than simple syrup. To make Standard Sugar Syrup, add 3 1/2 cups of distilled water to a one gallon saucepan and heat with medium flame. Gradually add 7 cups of granulated sugar one cup at a time, stirring it with a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.homebrewunderground.com/equipment/#wooden_spoons"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 wooden spoon}} to dissolve each cup as the sugar is added. Bring to a boil and continue boiling for about 12-15 minutes until you have less than 8 cups of syrup. Remove from flame and pour into a 2 quart Mason jar, then add distilled water to reach 7.5 cups. In a 2 qt. Mason jar, the level will be just at the bottom of the "neck" of the jar \'96 1/2 cup below the brim (use the photo above as a guide).\
Target volume: 7.5 cups of sugar syrup.\
Stir thoroughly to homogenize the mixture. Keep lid closed to avoid water evaporation which can lead to crystallization.\
Note: If you try to use a 1 to 1 ratio of granulated sugar to finished syrup, then the syrup will crystallize. To permit storage for future use and prevent crystallization, make sure the finished syrup has a little water in it like the recipe above. Boil until volume is (at or) less than target volume, and then add distilled water until target volume is reached.\

\fs66 \

\fs48 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\qj

\b\fs52 \cf4 \
\
\

\fs34 \
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\

\b0\fs30 \cf4 \
}