{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red51\green51\blue51;\red255\green78\blue0;\red242\green247\blue254;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16380\viewh20920\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs64 \cf2 Pomegranate Liqueur: Techniques and Suggestions\

\fs48 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa180\ql\qnatural

\fs52 \cf2 Seeding the Pomegranates
\b0\fs48 \cf3 \cb4 \
\cf2 \cb1 - Cut the pomegranate in half (vertically as opposed to hemispherically)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural
\cf2 - Fill a large bowl with water\
- Turn the pomegranate half seed-side down and while holding the edges of the half, push on the center with your thumbs to basically turn the half inside-out.  Sometimes it's not entirely successful and you need to pull apart the pods individually.\
- By keeping the pomegranate under water, you minimize errant juice spraying when pods are incidentally broken (the stuff stains like crazy!) and the membrane, flesh, pith, etc. all float to the top, while the seeds fall to the bottom.\
- One final rinse and agitation to free up any extra membrane and then you should have a glistening collection of seeds.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa180\ql\qnatural

\b\fs52 \cf2 Crushing the pods and extracting juice\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs48 \cf2 There's no perfect way to accomplish this one, and I've tried, seen, and heard everything from a potato masher to a blender. A food mill is an option, but the seeds are hard to the point that it makes it difficult. Keep in mind that the purpose of this step is to crush the pods so the vodka can infuse through the pomegranates, and not necessarily to fully extract all of the juice. This is one method:\
- Place a fine mesh metal strainer in a plastic or glass bowl.\
- Put seed pods into the strainer\
- Using a spoon (i personally find slotted works nicely), press the pomegranate seed pods down against the strainer to crush the pods and extract the juice.\
- Continue working the pods around the strainer until all the pods are broken.\
- Remember to reserve the seeds as well as the juice!\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa180\ql\qnatural

\b\fs52 \cf2 Peeling the lemon\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs48 \cf2 Using a vegetable peeler or a paring knife, carefully peel the lemon. The goal is to avoid getting any of the pith (the white part) with the peel, as you want the oils in the peel. The pith will impart an unpleasant bitterness in the final product. If you peel off too much, you can always scrape off extra pith.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa180\ql\qnatural

\b\fs52 \cf2 Infusion: Part I\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs48 \cf2 Sterilize the large jar, either in boiling water or running through the dishwasher rinse cycle.\
\
Add the pomegranate juice and seeds, the lemon peel, and the cinnamon stick.\
\
Pour in the vodka, then wipe the rim of the jar to ensure it's clean and seal.\
\
Store the jar in a cool and dark location, agitating the jar every day to ensure everything is properly infusing. A good, solid swirl is sufficient.  Infuse for two to three weeks.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa180\ql\qnatural

\b\fs52 \cf2 Straining\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs48 \cf2 After several weeks of infusing, it's time to strain the liquid.\
\
Carefully strain the liquid through several layers of cheesecloth. It helps to moisten the cheesecloth first so the liquid permeates more smoothly.\
\
Once you get to the point of straining out the pulp and rind, gently wring the cheesecloth to extract all of the liquid and juice.\
\
After straining, you can discard all of the rind, pulp and any spices.\
\
Return the liquid to the jar.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa180\ql\qnatural

\b\fs52 \cf2 Making the simple syrup\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs48 \cf2 Gently heat the sugar and water to create a simple syrup. Heat until the sugar is dissolved. \
\
Cool syrup to room temperature.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa180\ql\qnatural

\b\fs52 \cf2 Infusion: Part II\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs48 \cf2 After the syrup has cooled, add it to the jar with the strained liquid.\
\
Store in a cool, dark and dry location, agitating every few days, and allow to age 4 to 5 weeks.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa180\ql\qnatural

\b\fs52 \cf2 Bottling\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs48 \cf2 Sterilize the jars or containers you plan to bottle into, again either in a boiling water bath or in a sterilizing rinse of a dishwasher.  Also sterilize the funnel and whatever cups, spoons, etc. you plan to use to transfer the final product.\
\
Carefully scoop the liquid out of the jar and transfer it into a liquid measuring cup so it makes pouring easier. Use caution so you don't agitate any sediment at the bottom of the jar - it's unpleasant at best, and it's best to avoid bottling it.  Some prefer to use a siphon and rack the liquid, as in beer or winemaking.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa180\ql\qnatural

\b\fs52 \cf2 Serving Suggestions
\b0\fs48 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural
\cf2 Pomegranate iiqueur can be served straight up, chilled.\
\
Mix 1 to 1 with vodka for a simple pomegranate martini. A splash of fresh pomegranate (or cranberry) juice can add another level.\
\
An ounce of pomegranate liqueur in champagne makes for a festive (and stunning) drink.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa180\ql\qnatural

\b\fs52 \cf2 \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa180\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs28 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural
\cf2 \
\
\

\b\fs32 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa180\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs28 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural
\cf2 \
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\

\b\fs32 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa180\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs28 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural
\cf2 \
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa180\ql\qnatural
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\fs24 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\fs26 \cf3 \cb4 \
}