{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red132\green0\blue0;\red51\green51\blue51;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15580\viewh15680\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs66 \cf2 Homemade Pomegranate Liqueur I 
\fs38 \

\fs32 \cf0 \

\fs52 Ingredients:
\f1\b0 \
- 6 pomegranates\
- 3 cups vodka\
- 1 1/2 cups sugar\
- 3/4 cups water\
- peel of 1 lemon\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 Instructions:
\b0 \
Remove pods from pomegranates.  Throw away rind and pith.  Press out all the juice with a good, sturdy press.  Put the resulting juice and pulp in a 1-liter mason jar (any glass jar you can effectively seal works).  Prepare lemon peel, toss in jar. Add vodka. Seal jar. Steep four weeks, turning it over once a day.  Strain and filter.  Squeeze the pulp moderately hard, but realize that the harder you squeeze, the harder will be the job of filtering later on.*  It's a tough balance to make.  Now, boil the sugar and water together, until sugar dissolves.  Cool completely, add simple syrup to mixture, and seal quickly.  Age another month.  Remove, filter again, and bottle.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\fs48 \cf0 *You should note that there's a thick haze or sludge on the bottom of your jar, and you will find it incredibly difficult to filter out with anything but a serious wine filter.  Instead, you might consider racking the liqueur (siphoning the good liqueur off the top, and discarding the sludge on the bottom).  You lose a little bit of liquid along with the sludge, but you sure save yourself a lot of work filtering.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa180\ql\qnatural

\f2\b\fs52 \cf3 Serving Suggestions
\b0\fs48 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\ql\qnatural
\cf3 Pomegranate iiqueur can be served straight up, chilled.\
\
Mix 1 to 1 with vodka for a simple pomegranate martini. A splash of fresh pomegranate (or cranberry) juice can add another level.\
\
An ounce of pomegranate liqueur in champagne makes for a festive (and stunning) drink.
\f1 \cf0 \
}