{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13760\viewh19040\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs54 \cf0 Standard Caramel Syrup\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs50 \cf0 6 cups of sugar\
6 cups of water\
 
\b\fs54 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs50 \cf0 Put sugar into a large saucepan or boiling pot. On an adjacent burner, heat water in another saucepan. You will need the water to be just under boiling point shortly.\
Heat the sugar over a medium flame stirring constantly with a large wooden spoon while the sugar melts. Gradually increase the stirring speed until the sugar changes to a light brown liquid. At this point, the sugar may begin to give off steam but there may still be lumps of unmelted sugar. Turn the flame off so that the sugar will not become overcooked and discolored. Continue stirring until all the sugar is melted.\
When all the sugar is melted and the caramel is a golden brown color; GRADUALLY add hot (near boiling) water. You must add the water very very slowly and continue to stir the melted sugar while the water is being added. Care must be taken during this step. It is important to:\
1. Avoid the pot boiling over. 
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 2. Avoid hot caramel being splattered. 
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 3. Continue stirring to avoid any premature hardening of the caramel in spots.\
When all the water has been added, turn the flame back on and let the syrup boil for about 15 minutes.\
After 15 minutes, pour the liquid into a Mason jar and check the volume.\
Target volume: 6 3/4 cups of caramel syrup\
Note: Boil until volume is (at or) less than target volume, and then add water until target volume is reached. Stir thoroughly to homogenize the mixture. Keep lid closed to avoid water evaporation which can lead to crystallization.\
Note: Color should be fairly dark and viscosity not too thick. Once a standard has been established for color and viscosity, hold to this standard for all batches. Sweetness, color and viscosity should be consistent.\
}