{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green12\blue242;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14420\viewh21120\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs58 \cf0 Standard Sugar Syrup
\fs34 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\ql\qnatural

\fs54 \cf0 Ingredients
\fs50 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\i\b0 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}
\i0 3 1/2 cups water                       
\i \'95
\i0    1 3/4 cups water\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0   
\i \'95
\i0    7       cups sugar       OR          
\i \'95
\i0    3 1/2 cups sugar               \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\ql\qnatural

\b\fs54 \cf0 Directions
\fs50                                                                                                               
\b0\fs52 Heat water on medium in a one gallon saucepan.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Gradually add sugar one cup at a time, stirring it with a wooden spoon to dissolve each cup as the sugar is added.\
\
Bring to a boil and continue boiling for until you have less than 8 cups of syrup. (about 12-15 minutes)\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\fs50 \cf0 Pour into a 2 quart Mason jar, then add distilled water to reach 7.5 cups. In a 2 qt. Mason jar, the level will be just at the bottom of the "neck" of the jar \'96 1/2 cup below the brim. \
Target volume: 7.5 cups of sugar syrup.  \
\
Standard sugar syrup must not be confused with "{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.homebrewunderground.com/bar-mixers/#simple_syrup"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 Simple Syrup}}". It is similar to simple syrup, but is formulated especially for homemade liqueurs, while simple syrup is strictly a bar mixer used for making cocktails and contains more water than Standard Sugar Syrup. Standard Sugar Syrup could also be called "high viscosity sugar syrup". It is intended to be sweeter and more viscous than simple syrup.}