{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red78\green78\blue78;\red184\green185\blue188;\red0\green94\blue11;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15620\viewh13740\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl860\sa400\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs78 \cf2 \shad\shadx0\shady20\shadr0\shado0 \shadc3 Standard Limoncello Recipe
\fs72 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl500\sa500\ql\qnatural

\fs62 \cf2 \shad\shadx0\shady20\shadr0\shado0 \shadc0 Ingredients:
\b0 \shad\shadx0\shady20\shadr0\shado0 \shadc0 \
2 750ml bottles of pure grain alcohol\
Zest of 17 lemons\
3.5 cups of white sugar\
5 cups of water\

\b \shad\shadx0\shady20\shadr0\shado0 \shadc0 Instructions:
\b0 \shad\shadx0\shady20\shadr0\shado0 \shadc0 \
Zest the lemons, put them in a glass one-gallon jar with the alcohol and let it sit for 45 days. Then filter the mixture 4 times using #4 coffee filters. Mix the sugar and water in a pot and bring to a boil for 5 minutes. Let the mixture sit until completely cool and then mix with the alcohol and lemon infusion. Let that mixture sit for 45 days. Bottle the liquid and put it in the freezer.\

\b \shad\shadx0\shady20\shadr0\shado0 \shadc0 Long-Form Recipe
\fs102 \shad\shadx0\shady20\shadr0\shado0 \shadc3 \

\fs62 \shad\shadx0\shady20\shadr0\shado0 \shadc0 Step One:
\b0 \shad\shadx0\shady20\shadr0\shado0 \shadc0  The first step is actually to select your lemons. Whenever possible, select organic lemons because it\'92s actually the skin\'a0you use in making Limoncello and that\'92s also where all the pesticide is. Organic lemons also aren\'92t waxed, which is more crap that ends up in your liquor.\'a0Try to choose\'a0thick-skinned lemons with smooth skin. The reason for this is\'a0that it\'92s a heck\'a0of a lot easier to zest a lemon with smooth skin. \

\b \shad\shadx0\shady20\shadr0\shado0 \shadc0 Step Two:
\b0 \shad\shadx0\shady20\shadr0\shado0 \shadc0 \'a0\'a0Wash the lemons. You\'92ll need to do this whether or not they are organic but if they aren\'92t organic it\'92s more of an ordeal. You need to scrub them under very warm water with a vegetable brush. Remove all stickers or stamps and as much of the wax as possible. Then dry them with a paper towel.{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://limoncelloquest.com/wp-content/uploads/2008/02/zested_lemon.jpg"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \shad\shadx20\shady-20\shadr20\shado0 \shadc0 \
}}
\b \shad\shadx0\shady20\shadr0\shado0 \shadc0 Step Three:
\b0 \shad\shadx0\shady20\shadr0\shado0 \shadc0  Zest the lemons. Doing this step quickly and doing it well requires a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00004S7V8?ie=UTF8&tag=comparisonsho-20&linkCode=as2&camp=1789&creative=9325&creativeASIN=B00004S7V8"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \shad\shadx20\shady-20\shadr20\shado0 \shadc0 Microplane Zester}}\'a0because anything else just doesn\'92t work in my experience. I like to put a cutting board or a large piece of aluminum foil down to catch all the zest. Then you just use the zester to remove a thin layer of zest from the whole lemon. If you get even a little bit of the white pith just below the zest, it will make your Limoncello bitter. So don\'92t take chances, if the lemon is bumpy and you can\'92t get all the zest without hitting the pith elsewhere, let it go. This step is all about quality over quantity. \

\b \shad\shadx0\shady20\shadr0\shado0 \shadc0 Step Four:
\b0 \shad\shadx0\shady20\shadr0\shado0 \shadc0  Filter the liquor. This should actually be done simultaneously with the zesting to save time. I use a Brita pitcher that I bought for this purpose but any similar water filtration pitcher will do. I pour one bottle in, let it filter, pour it into a regular clean pitcher, then back in the top and I repeat the filtration four times for each bottle of liquor. I\'92m still testing how worthwhile this is and how many filtrations are optimal but four is my current standard. \
Speaking of that, whenever possible I use grain alcohol for authenticity. It\'92s difficult to get because many states don\'92t allow it to be sold. I\'92ve found though that vodka has a flavor of its own that is imparted to the Limoncello and I\'92m not a big fan of that. However, it is much better than nothing so the next best thing is 100 proof, mid-grade Vodka. \

\b \shad\shadx0\shady20\shadr0\shado0 \shadc0 Step Five:
\b0 \shad\shadx0\shady20\shadr0\shado0 \shadc0  Combine the zest and the filtered liquor into a very clean {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://limoncelloquest.com/brew-jar"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \shad\shadx20\shady-20\shadr20\shado0 \shadc0 one gallon glass jar}} and screw the lid on tight. If the lid isn\'92t tight enough, put a piece of plastic wrap on the top before screwing on the lid. Put a label on the jar that tells you the date of when you made it.\

\b \shad\shadx0\shady20\shadr0\shado0 \shadc0 Step Six:
\b0 \shad\shadx0\shady20\shadr0\shado0 \shadc0  I tend to keep each batch in my kitchen for the first week to ten days and I shake it up about four times during that initial period. After that I put it in my basement because of the \'93out of sight, out of mind\'94 factor. I let the mixture sit and infuse for a minimum of 45 days or longer. This is where all of the lemon flavor comes from so don\'92t short-change yourself here. \

\b \shad\shadx0\shady20\shadr0\shado0 \shadc0 Step Seven:
\b0 \shad\shadx0\shady20\shadr0\shado0 \shadc0  Filter the infusion. This is\'a0one of the most important steps and by far the most laborious. However, you should never skip it.  The filtration actually gives it the color, clarity and flavor you expect from Limoncello.\
My first filtering pass is with a flat-bottom {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://limoncelloquest.com/permanent-coffee-filter"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \shad\shadx20\shady-20\shadr20\shado0 \shadc0 permanent coffee filter}} that you can buy at the grocery store. I put it right in the funnel and the funnel in the pitcher or whatever container I\'92m using. Then I ladle the Limoncello out of the storage jar and through the filter. This first pass removes all of the zest and other large debris. Then comes the tough part. I take {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://limoncelloquest.com/paper-coffee-filters"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \shad\shadx20\shady-20\shadr20\shado0 \shadc0 flat-bottom disposable coffee filters}}, the ones with the fluted edging, and put them inside the permanent filter. This is basically double-filtering and I repeat this step a second time. Then on the last pass I just put it through the permanent filter by itself just in case any debris or zest gets back in there during the filtration process. So, that makes two filtrations with just the permanent filter and two filtrations with the permanent plus disposable filters.\
When filtering, you want to be patient and preserve as much of the liquid as possible but there will come a point when it looks like there\'92s more liquid at the bottom but no more liquid is dripping through. Do NOT try to salvage that liquid. Throw it away along with the filter (or wash the filter) because that stuff is exactly what you\'92re filtering in the first place. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://limoncelloquest.com/wp-content/uploads/2008/02/bottles.jpg"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \shad\shadx20\shady-20\shadr20\shado0 \shadc0 \
}}
\b \shad\shadx0\shady20\shadr0\shado0 \shadc0 Step Eight:
\b0 \shad\shadx0\shady20\shadr0\shado0 \shadc0  Add the simple syrup. My standard recipe is to bring 5 cups of water just to a boil and then remove it from the heat and stir in 3.5 cups of white sugar. You then let it sit until it comes down to room temperature. I use filtered water for this and I now always use regular white sugar. I\'92ve also heard that you should not stir the sugar but rather let the low boil mix the two instead. Once the simple syrup cools down you can just add it to the lemon/liquor infusion, screw the lid back on and shake the jar. Mark on the label\'a0the date you mixed the infusion with the simple syrup.\

\b \shad\shadx0\shady20\shadr0\shado0 \shadc0 Step Nine:
\b0 \shad\shadx0\shady20\shadr0\shado0 \shadc0  I now put the mixture back in the basement and wait for at least another 45 days. The longer the mixture rests, the smoother the flavor of the final product. I am convinced of this fact. \

\b \shad\shadx0\shady20\shadr0\shado0 \shadc0 Step Ten:
\b0 \shad\shadx0\shady20\shadr0\shado0 \shadc0  Bottle the Limoncello. I wash, dry and then sterilize the bottles first. I use either the bottles the liquor came in or some 500ml {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://limoncelloquest.com/swing-cap-bottles"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \shad\shadx20\shady-20\shadr20\shado0 \shadc0 bottles with swing caps}}. You can find any kind of bottle you want by searching for glassware or brewing supplies on Google. I usually just clean and use the bottles that the vodka/everclear originally came in.\
The longer Limoncello sits, the smoother it gets. This is more important if you\'92re making it with grain alcohol than vodka but it still holds true.\
 Enjoy!\
}