{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red61\green61\blue61;\red6\green124\blue174;\red153\green153\blue153;
\red102\green102\blue102;\red47\green47\blue47;\red132\green63\blue0;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid4}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16300\viewh15140\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 Assorted Ganache Recipes
\fs44 \
\
Ganache\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl460\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs40 \cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup heavy cream\
{\listtext	\'95	}8 ounces good {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/chocolate/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 semisweet chocolate}} chips\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon instant coffee granules\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl460\sa180\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \
For the ganache, cook the heavy cream, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/chocolate/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 chocolate chips}}, and instant coffee in the top of a double boiler over simmering water until smooth and warm, stirring occasionally.\
Dip the tops of the cupcakes into the ganache. Do not refrigerate.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa200\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f2\b\fs48 \cf4 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs44 Chocolate Ganache
\b0\fs48 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs34 \cf5 {\listtext	\'95	}9 ounces bittersweet chocolate, chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup heavy cream\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon dark rum (optional)\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf5 		\
Place the chocolate into a medium bowl. Heat the cream in a small sauce pan over medium heat. Bring just to a boil, watching very carefully because if it boils for a few seconds, it will boil out of the pot. When the cream has come to a boil, pour over the chopped chocolate, and whisk until smooth. Stir in the rum if desired.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf5 Allow the ganache to cool slightly before pouring over a cake. Start at the center of the cake\
and work outward. For a fluffy frosting or chocolate filling, allow it to cool until thick, then\
whip with a whisk until light and fluffy.\
	\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b\fs46 \cf0 Chocolate Ganache I
\fs48 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\fs32 \cf6 Serves:  
\b0 \cf0 2 cups\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup heavy cream\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup bittersweet chocolate\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 tablespoons {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/corn-syrup/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf6 corn syrup}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/extracts/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf6 vanilla extract}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 tablespoons butter, room temperature\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 Heat cream in a sauce pot. Poor hot cream over {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/chocolate/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf6 chocolate}} and corn syrup. Stir to melt chocolate. Add vanilla and room temperature {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodterms.com/encyclopedia/butter/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf6 butter}} and mix to combine.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f2\fs34 \cf5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b\fs50 \cf0 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs48 Chocolate Ganache II 
\fs50 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1/4 pound semi-sweet chocolate\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup heavy cream\cf6 \
\pard\tx560\pardeftab720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\cf6 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Finely chop the semi-sweet chocolate and place it in a heat-proof bowl set over a pan of simmering water. Add the cream and stir until just melted. Set aside until cooled to room temperature.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 Chocolate Chambord Ganache
\f1\b0\fs42 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f2\fs44 \cf7 Ingredients:
\fs40 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\fs44 \cf7 {\listtext	\'95	}18 ounces of good quality semi-sweet chocolate chips
\fs40 \
\ls2\ilvl0
\fs44 {\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 cups heavy cream
\fs40 \
\ls2\ilvl0
\fs44 {\listtext	\'95	}4 tablespoons of Chambord
\fs40 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\fs44 \cf7 \
Directions:
\fs40 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural
\ls3\ilvl0
\fs44 \cf7 		Place chocolate in a large heat safe bowl and set aside.
\fs40 \
\ls3\ilvl0
\fs44 		In a medium saucepan, heat cream over medium heat until it just begins to boil. I don't recommend walking away from the stove during this process. Boiled cream can be a mess.
\fs40 \
\ls3\ilvl0
\fs44 		Immediately pour hot cream over chocolate and let it sit for about 4-5 minutes.
\fs40 \
\ls3\ilvl0
\fs44 		Begin to stir the cream with a wooden spoon or whisk starting in the center of the bowl and working your way out. As you stir, you will see the cream and chocolate come together.
\fs40 \
\ls3\ilvl0
\fs44 		Let the chocolate mixture cool for about 15 min before stirring in the Chambord.
\fs40 \
\ls3\ilvl0
\fs44 		Allow the ganache to cool completely and set up. On the counter it takes about 2 hours, or you can put it in the fridge for a little bit to speed up the process but watch it to make sure it doesn't get too hard.\
\pard\tx560\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\fs40 \cf7 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs46 \cf0 Bittersweet Chocolate Ganache - 2 Ways
\f1\b0\fs26 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\ql\qnatural

\b\fs32 \cf6 Serves: 
\b0 \cf0 frosting for one 8-inch round cake or 12 cupcakes
\fs26 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls4\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}8 ounces good bittersweet chocolate\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 cup heavy cream\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 teaspoon instant coffee granules\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs42 \cf0 To make the ganache, place the chocolate, heavy cream and instant coffee granules in a heat-proof bowl over a pot of simmering water. Melt the chocolate until it's just melted and stir it until it's smooth.\
For whipped ganache, allow the ganache to cool completely and then put it in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with a whisk attachment and mix on high speed until it is a very light.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf6 \
}