{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red235\green22\blue31;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16320\viewh19760\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Royal
\b0  
\b Icing
\b0\fs42 \
(made with Wilton Meringue Powder)\
 \

\b Flavor/Description
\b0 	Very sweet flavor. Dries candy-hard for lasting decorations.	\

\b Consistency    
\b0 Thin-to-stiff consistency depending on the amount of water added.	\

\b Best Used For    
\b0 Flower-making, figure piping, making flower on wires. Decorating cookies and gingerbread houses.	\

\b Coloring    
\b0 Yields deep colors. Some colors may fade sitting in bright light. Requires more icing colorthan buttercream to achieve the same intensity.\

\b Storage/Freshness    
\b0 Icing can be stored in airtight, grease-free container at room temperature for 2 weeks. \

\b Special Information    
\b0 Air-dried decorations last for months.	Bowls/utensils must be grease-free. Cover icing with damp cloth to prevent crusting.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li200\ri920\sl960\sa100\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs96 \cf2 royal icing\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs42 \cf0 This smooth, hard-drying icing is perfect for making decorations that last. It is also useful as a "cement" to fasten decorations together. Royal icing is edible, but not recommended for icing cakes.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa120\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl200\sa200\ql\qnatural

\b\fs44 \cf0 Ingredients:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl300\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0 \cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wilton.com/store/site/product.cfm?sku=pg_meringuepowder"}}{\fldrslt \ul 3 tablespoons Meringue Powder}}\cf0 \
{\listtext	\'95	}4 cups (about 1 lb.) confectioners' sugar\
{\listtext	\'95	}6 tablespoons warm water\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa120\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 Makes:
\b0  About 3 cups of icing.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa200\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs68 \cf2 instructions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa240\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs44 \cf0 Beat all ingredients until icing forms peaks (7-10 minutes at low speed with a heavy-duty mixer, 10-12 minutes at high speed with a hand-held mixer). \
NOTE: Keep all utensils completely grease-free for proper icing consistency.\
* For stiffer icing, use 1 tablespoon less water.\
**When using large countertop mixer or for stiffer icing, use 1 tablespoon less water.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa240\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 Thinned Royal Icing:
\b0  To thin for pouring, add 1 teaspoon water per cup of royal icing. Use grease-free spoon or spatula to stir slowly. Add 1/2 teaspoon water at a time until you reach proper consistency.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\ql\qnatural

\f2\b\fs52 \cf0 Royal Icing
\fs46 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\f0\b0\fs44 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}6 tablespoons corn syrup\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons plus 1 teaspoon almond extract\
{\listtext	\'95	}17 1/2 cups confectioners' sugar (about 5 boxes)\
{\listtext	\'95	}Green and violet food coloring (or your favorite colors)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa140\ql\qnatural
\cf0 In a large heatproof bowl, combine 1 1/4 cups plus 1 tablespoon water, corn syrup and almond extract. Once incorporated, slowly whisk in the sugar until fully combined. Alternately, slowly mix together in a stand mixer and transfer to a heatproof bowl prior to icing cakes.\
Divide the icing into 3 heatproof bowls. To make a pale green color, add a little less than 1 drop green food coloring to the first bowl. To the second bowl, add 1 drop purple coloring for a lavender color. And leave the final bowl white, or add another color, as desired.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa240\ql\qnatural

\fs58 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa120\ql\qnatural

\fs76 \cf0 \
}